Barcelona have been linked with a move for Chelsea centre-back Antonio R  diger, who is increasingly expected to leave Stamford Bridge before deadline day.. R  diger has fallen down the pecking order this year following the arrival of Thiago Silva from Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. He was dropped from the squad to face Liverpool in the Premier League and was also left at home for Wednesday's win over Barnsley. Now Chelsea's fifth-choice centre-back, R  diger is expected to leave the club before the transfer window shuts, but The Telegraph note that a loan exit will be the most-likely outcome. Paris Saint-Germain and Napoli are seen as leading candidates for his signature, but Kicker believe Barcelona will throw their hat into the ring. Bar  a are on the lookout for a new centre-back this summer. Cl  ment Lenglet is guaranteed to stay at Camp Nou and will likely line up alongside Gerard Piqu  , but things are far less certain behind that pair. Club officials hope to finally offload Samuel Umtiti this summer, and fellow Frenchman Jean-Clair Todibo is also being pushed towards the exit door. Should both players leave as hoped, Barcelona would be left with just 21-year-old Ronald Ara  jo as cover. Manchester City's Eric Garc  a sits at the top of their wish list, but Barcelona are reluctant to pay a big fee for the Spaniard as he has just one year remaining on his contract and could be signed for free in just six months. That's where a move for R  diger comes in. He has been made available for loan this summer and could fill the void in Bar  a's squad for the rest of this season while they wait to be able to land Garc  a for free. However, Mundo Deportivo do their best to dispel this rumour by stating that Barcelona have no interest in R  diger, despite their stumbling pursuit of Garc  a. If Barcelona did launch a loan bid, Chelsea would likely be willing to agree to such a deal. While they would prefer a permanent exit for the German, a loan move is seen as realistic in the current market, and as long as his wages are covered, the Blues should be fairly easy to convince. It could all come down to the future of fellow Chelsea man Fikayo Tomori, who has an offer to leave the Bridge and join Everton on loan.