Kalvin Phillips has thanked Leeds United for helping him live out his 'dream' playing for the club. The midfielder, who came through the Leeds academy, brought his 12-year association with the club to an end on Monday as he left to join Manchester City in a deal worth around the  £45m mark. After his departure was confirmed, Phillips took to Twitter to post a lengthy, heartfelt note of thanks to his boyhood club for making his dream a reality. "Where do I start? First of all, I would like to express how much of a privilege it has been to play for this amazing club. Since making my debut at 17 it has been a journey any Leeds lad could wish for," the player wrote. "When I was young, I went to see my first ever Leeds game at [Elland Road] and from that moment I knew that my dream was to put on that white shirt and walk out on that pitch. "I'd like to thank everyone involved at the club for making Leeds one of the best clubs on earth. Every manager I have played under for showing trust in me and teaching me all I know." Unsurprisingly, Phillips took the time to single out former boss Marcelo Bielsa for some praise. "I cannot mention Leeds without mentioning one special person     Marcelo," he continued. "The best manager I have ever come across. He was a man that gave the club life, he gave the players, and everyone involved in the club belief that we were good enough to return to the premier league after 16 years.  "Not only did you give the club everything, but you also gave me everything I needed to become the person I am today on and off the field." However, he made sure not to forget current boss Jesse Marsch, who replaced Bielsa last season and led the team to Premier League safety. "And now to Jesse, what an unbelievable manager you are, but what an even better person," he said. "You came into this club and gave every single player confidence and belief in a very difficult season and that's what kept us in the league. From the bottom of my heart thank you." Finally, Phillips added: "To all my team-mates from my debut to my last game thank you for helping a Leeds lad achieve his dream. I wish everyone all the best in the future and for the next season. "Over the last four years me and you boys have shared so many memories, from missing out in the play offs to getting promoted and then surviving relegation last season. You lot are an unbelievable set of boys that deserve everything.