Despite being sat in third place for the majority of the season - 14 points ahead of Manchester United at one stage in February - Leicester somehow managed to finish fifth in this season's Premier League, missing out on a return to Champions League football by the skin of their teeth. While the wound will still be too sore for Leicester fans to address, the truth is that they're actually not far off that top four at all - even if they did throw away UCL qualification this season. With the likes of Kasper Schmeichel, Youri Tielemans and Wilfried Ndidi, and Jamie Vardy making up a spine of the starting XI, the Foxes have a talented group of players to build from. And when you consider Brendan Rodgers is now in the hot seat as manager, they surely have all the tools they could possibly need to take themselves up into the next level. The issue, however, is the rest of the side isn't quite there. While most top sides don't necessarily need a world class player in every position, where Leicester don't have high-calibre quality, they instead have mid-table to relegation level options. However, with some well-planned spending, Brendan Rodgers' Leicester squad can go from looking like an inconsistent early 2000s WCW, to a well-oiled Attitude Era WWE. Here's who they should target to secure top four next season. While both Jonny Evans and Wes Morgan are Premier League winners, time is unfortunately ticking on their careers. The pair offer a wealth of experience in the dressing room, but are past their best on the pitch.Leicester need to find a suitable replacement to forge a partnership with Caglar Soyuncu, who has impressed since Harry Maguire departed for Manchester United. Nathan Ake would be available on the cheap from relegated Bournemouth, and could prove to be a bargain for Rodgers.  Ake has the potential to thrive in a well-balanced side, but he's not the only centre back that Leicester need. Another centre back would sure the Foxes up defensively and give them the chance to experiment with their preferred back three system. Axel Disasi has been linked with Arsenal, but Leicester could swoop in and steal him from the Gunners for a decent price. The defensive midfielder has impressed at San Siro this season with Milan, boosting his stock amid rumours of a move to another of Europe's elite sides.It wouldn't be a cheap buy at all, but bringing the 22-year-old to the King Power Stadium would be a huge statement of intent, and add some serious quality and competition to their ranks. He's by no means the finished product, but Rodgers could help him become a genuinely world class player.  