West Ham United have made a second bid for former Manchester United captain Harry Maguire, sources have confirmed to 90min. The Hammers are looking to strengthen their squad with as many as six signings before the transfer window closes, but have only signed Cliftonville youngster Sean Moore to date. The club is yet to splash any of the immediate cash received from Declan Rice's  £105m British-record move to Arsenal. A deal for Ajax midfielder Edson Alvarez is nearing completion after a fee was agreed and West Ham have now returned with another offer for Maguire after an initial approach was knocked back at the end of July. Sources have confirmed to 90min that West Ham's new bid is worth  £30m, though any deal, should United decide the fee is enough, is likely to hinge on the 13-time Premier League winners continuing to contribute towards Maguire's hefty wages. United manager Erik ten Hag has established Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez as his first-choice centre-back duo at Old Trafford, with Victor Lindelof and Luke Shaw, naturally a left-back, also ahead of Maguire in the pecking order for places. feed Maguire has also been stripped of the club captaincy this summer, in favour of appointing Bruno Fernandes, and United are willing to sanction his exit if they receive an offer that they believe reflects his market value - they paid Leicester  £80m for his services in 2019. West Ham are continuing to show interest in Maguire's United team-mate Scott McTominay, sources have further confirmed to 90min. An offer of  £30m has been made by the Hammers for the 26-year-old Scot and talks are ongoing between the two clubs over a potential deal. The Hammers have returned to McTominay after deciding against pursuing Southampton's James Ward-Prowse. However, neither Maguire nor McTominay are itching to leave Old Trafford, with both players hopeful of featuring in the new season. Monaco's Youssouf Fofana is another player front and centre of technical director Tim Steidten's transfer plans, with West Ham also wanting to sign a left-back and striker before the window closes on September 1.