Manchester United midfielder Fred is considering his future at Old Trafford amid interest from other clubs, 90min understands. The Brazilian midfielder joined United in June 2018 but fell out of favour under current manager Erik ten Hag in the final months of last season, starting only two Premier League matches under the Dutchman in the aftermath of the team's 7-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield. United's signing of Mason Mount this month has pushed Fred, now 30, further down the pecking order and he is weighing up his options with a regular first team place likely hard to come by in the new campaign. Ten Hag would also ideally like to sign another midfielder before the transfer window closes, with Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat of interest. Fred is understood by 90min not to be in United's long-term plans, and the club are willing to let him leave for the right price during this transfer window. United are hopeful they can recoup between  £20m- £25m in any potential sale, and are asking for towards the top end of that price range as it stands. Fulham are interested, but value Fred at under  £15m - far below United's current valuation. The player was seen speaking to Fulham manager Marco Silva outside Old Trafford following the final league fixture of last season, where the two sides met. Fred has recently changed agents and has other options to leave - with clubs in the Saudi Pro League potential candidates to sign him as they continue to sweep up high-profile players from across Europe. Fred's former United teammate Paul Pogba is of strong interest to Al Ahli and Al Ittihad, where N'Golo Kante and Karim Benzema are among the primary names to have already made the move. Jose Mourinho's Roma are understood to have spoken with Fred's representatives - Mourinho signed Fred at United during his spell as manager - though the 30-year-old has yet to make a decision on where to play next. feed It's understood Fred believes he can still play a part in United's team for the season ahead, and is also considering staying for another year and leaving on a free transfer in 2024, when his contract expires. Conversations with Ten Hag are expected to take place during pre-season and Fred has been named in a travelling squad to Norway for United's first pre-season fixture against Leeds on Wednesday. Fred's long-time midfield partner Scott McTominay is not in United's long-term plans either, though as it stands his options to leave United this summer are dwindling.  Brighton and Newcastle United, once keen on the Scotland international, have cooled their interest, while 90min has learned he does not currently feature high on the list of David Moyes' West Ham - who are set to confirm the  £105m departure of club captain and midfielder Declan Rice to Arsenal in the coming days. Mourinho's Roma are monitoring the 26-year-old too but are unlikely at best to get anywhere near the price United would be looking for in any permanent sale. Both Fred and McTominay do not feature in Ten Hag's long-term plans, and once his squad is fully transitioned, but it is likely at present that at least one of the two will remain on board for the season to come.