Manchester United are one of a number of European giants to be offered Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic, 90min has learned. Serbian striker Vlahovic, who soon turns 23, only joined Juventus last January after a prolific spell with rivals Fiorentina. However, the club have already been knocked out of the Champions League this season and this week have been handed a deduction of 15 Serie A points following an investigation into past transfer dealings. Juventus will appeal the decision passed down on Friday, but the penalty as it stands will drop them to tenth in Serie A and leave them with a mountain to climb to get back into the Champions League next season. Champions League football is understood to be important to Vlahovic and the player would like to play in the competition next season. At present, United are looking a favourite to finish in the Premier League's top four and are planning to sign a first choice striker before next season. Chelsea, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich are among the other clubs made aware of Vlahovic's availability, with centre forwards a rare commodity in today's market. On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss all the big transfer stories. This week's agenda includes Jude Bellingham, Harry Kane, Declan Rice, Hakim Ziyech, Leandro Trossard, Pedro Porro, Mykhailo Mudryk and more! If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! Juventus are understood to be almost understanding of the player's position and are willing to come to the table either in January or in the summer, though are looking to at least recoup the amount they paid for Vlahovic last year if they are to do a deal. Fiorentina were paid    70m with    10m due in performance related add-ons. United's transfer team have always liked the player, but have never moved into the running before as they were aware of Vlahovic's desire to join Juventus in the first place. As United narrow down their shortlist for a new number nine, they have been told that the striker himself would like to play for manager Erik ten Hag. Vlahovic's availability is a new development in the marketplace and United could consider him alongside other pre-established transfer targets Victor Osimhen, Benjamin Sesko and Harry Kane ahead of next season. United have signed Wout Weghorst on loan this month and are in a difficult cash position while in the midst of a club takeover, so committing this month is unlikely at very best. Though Ten Hag again stressed this week United are "always looking for solutions", and "if there are opportunities, we will go for it." Sources close to United believe a top four finish this season will remove any summer spending shackles related to Financial Fair Play in the summer, even while new owners could be in place by then, and that they had been budgeting ahead for a top six finish this season. Their progress and current position in the league is considered an unexpected boost. Ten Hag and United consider current progress well ahead of schedule. A place in the Champions League next season along with improved on pitch performance undoubtedly helps make United more appealing to potential transfer targets, with Osimhen, Kane and Sesko all very much under consideration. United definitely want a new striker in the summer though the club's emphasis will be on Ten Hag working closely with the club's scouts in order to sign the right profile of player for the team moving forward long term. Those within United believe Sesko in particular could develop incredibly well working alongside the Dutchman.