Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo is rumoured to have had offers from Manchester United and Chelsea on the table    for months    as he continues to weigh up his future. Araujo is under contract at Camp Nou until the summer of 2023 but is yet to agree a new deal, bringing uncertainty about whether he could move on this year. It has already been reported that the Uruguayan, who has become an important player for Bar  a since being promoted to the first-team at the start of last season, isn   t prepared to accept a lower salary than expected new arrival Andreas Christensen from Chelsea. It has also been claimed in Spain that Barcelona consider United to be the biggest danger to keeping Araujo at the club. But Chelsea have been heavily linked as well, with Antonio Rudiger and Cesar Azpilicueta also potentially set to follow Christensen out of Stamford Bridge. The latest from SPORT is that while Bar  a are keen to renew with Araujo, they have made it clear they will not pay vast sums to keep him. From his perspective, he appears to be seeking a wage that reflects his status as a regular starter     but an existing proposal of a    3m net salary from the Catalans would leave him among the lowest paid in the squad. The 23-year-old wants to feel valued in the same way as recent contracts for Ansu Fati and Pedri, or new signing Ferran Torres. But he could have a fall back as SPORT alludes to long-standing offers from United and Chelsea, who are said to be willing to pay a transfer fee this summer or wait until 2023 when he will become a free agent. Barcelona would be loathed to lose him for nothing when club finances are still in a bad way. But at least publically, the club remain confident of keeping Araujo. "Gavi and Ara  jo are two very important players for us. Their renewals are a priority and the club is working on their continuity. I know they are happy at the club and we have to wait. I think it is a matter of time," Xavi said prior to his side's Europa League meeting with Galatasaray. 