Nayef Aguerd has confirmed in a post on social media that he is leaving Rennes, with West Ham expected to announce his signing in the coming days. 90min confirmed on Thursday that Aguerd would undergo the second part of a medical in London on Friday, after terms were agreed with Rennes over a move that could be worth as much as  £30m plus add-ons. Aguerd has been away on international duty with Morocco for the past couple of weeks, which had seen negotiations draw out a little longer than many would have liked, but in a post circulated on his official Twitter account, the 26-year-old has confirmed he is leaving Rennes for pastures new - posting a fond farewell to the club's staff and supporters. "It is with great emotion that I announce that I played my last  match under the colours [against] of Lille," Aguerd wrote. "It   s a difficult decision as I have spent exceptional times here since  my arrival at the club in August 2020. "Between the discovery of the Champions League together, the qualification  for the Conference League last season, the snatch in the Europa League this season, the boiling atmospheres of Roazhon Park against  PSG, Lyon, Leicester or OM. "I would like to thank from the bottom of my heart all the components of the club.  My teammates with whom I have fought 80 fights these last 2 seasons and  who are and will remain for me a 2nd familyThe supporters, RCK in the lead, for their unwavering support in the good times  like in bad times. "The shareholder, Mr Pinault, who allows the club to grow day by day and to  be respected not only in France but also on the European scene. The management of the club: Nicolas Holveck to whom I wish the most beautiful victory in his constant fight against illness and Olivier Cloarec with whom our  paths have been following each other since 2018 in Dijon. "Florian Maurice who came to pick me up in Dion and for whom words are not enoughis not enough to describe our relationship. Julien Stephan, Bruno G  n  sio and all of their staff, two very high  level coaches both in football and in human terms. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers,  with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Liverpool's signing of Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United   s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. "All of the club   s employees who allowed us to work in an extremely  healthy environment. I gave everything from the 1st to the last day in matches and in training,  on and off the pitch and will be your 1st supporter.