Paris Saint-Germain have entered into a war of words with star forward Kylian Mbappe after labelling the Frenchman's recent contract statement 'emphatically untrue'. A letter revealing Mbappe's decision not to trigger his one-year contract extension, which would carry his deal over into 2024, sparked widespread confusion and shock among PSG officials. In response to the reaction, Mbappe issued a statement claiming that he has never entertained conversations over a contract extension with PSG, who have known for nearly 12 months that he did not plan to trigger the extension. PSG have now fired back at Mbappe, accusing the 24-year-old of 'emphatic' lies. "It is emphatically untrue to say Mbappe   s team have not been involved in renewal discussions," a club spokesperson told the New York Times. manual With Mbappe's contract now set to expire in 12 months, PSG face the prospect of being forced to sell the forward this summer before he can walk away for free at the end of the coming campaign - an eventuality sources believe is not even being considered at this point. However, Mbappe himself has vowed to remain with PSG for the coming campaign, denying allegations he is looking to engineer a move to Real Madrid this summer. Real Madrid are looking for a new striker this summer following the departure of Karim Benzema and had been prepared to push for Tottenham's Harry Kane, with Mbappe seen as a target for a free transfer in 2024. Their stance may well have changed following this public bust-up between Mbappe and PSG, who could be forced to consider offers for the superstar in the coming weeks. The saga is the latest twist in what is shaping to be a defining summer for PSG. Lionel Messi's departure to Inter Miami has already been confirmed, while Neymar's representatives have explored the possibility of the Brazilian moving to Saudi Arabia. Christophe Galtier has also been dismissed as manager despite delivering the club's ninth Ligue 1 title in the past 11 years - a consequence of failing to deliver in the Champions League among other things.