Romelu Lukaku has once again hinted at his desire to remain at Inter beyond the current expiration of his loan deal from Chelsea. The Belgian forward joined Inter during the 2022 summer transfer window following an extremely disappointing season at Chelsea. Lukaku managed a measly eight Premier League goals for the club after being signed for a whopping  £97.5m.  The 30-year-old's form has picked up in recent weeks for Inter after initially struggling upon his return to San Siro. He has bagged six goals and contributed four assists in his last eight appearances, with the club's form leading to a first appearance in the Champions League final since 2010. 90min revealed in April that Lukaku had made it known that staying at Inter was his priority, and speaking to Het Laatste Nieuws, he reiterated his feeling of belonging to the Serie A giants. "I was good at Chelsea last season. But I knew then that if it didn   t work out at Chelsea, I still had Inter," Lukaku said. "When I signed again, I knew: I belong here. I had that too at Anderlecht. I take this club seriously. I want to do my best. The people here see that. Being encouraged here is the best thing there is." feed Lukaku's comments back up what Inter CEO Giuseppe Marotta recently told Radio Rai, saying that he believes the player is 'very comfortable' at San Siro but that his future depends what Chelsea want to do. "Romelu loves the shirt he wears, he is very comfortable at Inter. These are fundamental aspects, this desire of his to be with us," Marotta remarked. "But he is on loan until June 30. He will return to  Chelsea, and we don't know what will happen on a technical level at that club. At the moment we are at the window." Lukaku previously scored 64 goals in 95 appearances for Inter to earn his big-money move to Stamford Bridge. He formed a dynamic partnership with Lautaro Martinez up front - which continues to flourish to this day - and previously enjoyed a hugely successful spell with Everton in the Premier League. A two-season stay at Manchester United between 2017 and 2019 was regarded as a failure by many, though he still scored 42 goals in 96 appearances in red - 27 of those coming in his first season at Old Trafford.