The cogs are being greased and eardrums in the local area are prepped, but the January transfer window hasn't quite slammed shut just yet. However, the time for any more winter wonderings is slipping away for players from clubs all over the continent as January 31 ticks into view. Phones will be buzzing in the breast pockets of agents dotted across Europe as the frequency of deals frantically cranks up with the deadline hurtling into view. Here are some of the players yet to put pen to paper but may well begin February wearing different colours. Clubs linked: Atletico Madrid, Chelsea, Man Utd, Tottenham Brentford's number one was the subject of heavy transfer speculation before the Bees had even graced the top flight, with Arsenal supposedly eyeing up the Spain international. After recording an impressive save percentage of 77% across 18 months in the top flight, the list of suitors has grown. 90min recently revealed that Brentford are confident of tying Raya down to a new contract but with some of Europe's elite sides vying for his signature, the keeper's head may still turn. Likelihood of leaving: 1/10 Clubs linked: Arsenal, Chelsea Brighton may have ushered Moises Caicedo into the shadows for the rest of the window but the Seagulls can't erase him from Arsenal and Chelsea's transfer wish lists. After eye-watering bids from the two London sides - which are expected to increase beyond the current watermark of  £60m - Caicedo took to social media to push for a deal from his side of the door. However, negotiations appear to be jammed as Brighton dig their collective heels in. Likelihood of leaving: 1/10 Clubs linked: Chelsea Any deal for the World Cup winner appeared to be dead in the water when Benfica manager Roger Schmidt castigated Chelsea's "disrespectful" attempts to lure Enzo Fernandez to London.  However, 90min understands that there was never any radio silence between the player and Chelsea. Benfica publicly insist that the Blues must meet Fernandez's  £106m release clause but Todd Boehly and Co. could continue their spending spree without meeting that lofty fee. Likelihood of leaving: 2/10 Clubs linked: Arsenal, Chelsea, Man Utd Just 12 months ago, Juventus broke the bank for Fiorentina's in-form frontman, forking out more than    80m for Dusan Vlahovic. Yet, after just 36 games and 16 goals (and grave financial uncertainty), Juve are reportedly willing to part ways with the 23-year-old.  Manchester United are frontrunners in the pursuit of Vlahovic but may not snag the Serbian this month. Wout Weghort's loan deal offers a short-term fix for a centre-forward and Vlahovic hasn't played for Juventus since October while nursing numerous injuries. Likelihood of leaving: 3/10 Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  to discuss the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! Clubs linked: Lyon, Sporting CP Tariq Lamptey has made fewer Premier League starts for Brighton this season (one) than Enock Mwepu (two), who retired from football in October. With game time limited and little evidence to suggest an avalanche of opportunities in the near future, Lamptey is reportedly keen on a European sojourn. Lyon and Sporting CP have both lost (or are poised to lose) their first-choice right-backs this window, accelerating the demand for Lamptey's fleet feet. Likelihood of leaving: 5/10 Clubs linked: Leicester Leicester are one of only three teams to make a profit on transfer fees in this season's windows - though this largely stems from a lack of investment rather than lucrative sales. The Foxes are keen on Fiorentina's Nicolas Gonzalez and the Shakhtar Donetsk loanee Tete but Rangers' Ryan Kent may be the option Brendan Rodgers triggers as Leicester scrounge around for any options out wide. Likelihood of leaving: 5/10 Clubs linked: Nottingham Forest In May 2021, Keylor Navas was starting for Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals. Four days later, Nottingham Forest lost their 18th game of the season to finish 17th in England's second tier. 18 months on, Navas could well be between the posts at the City Ground after Forest entered surprise talks with the 36-year-old for a loan move. With Navas playing second fiddle to Gianluigi Donnarumma in Paris and Forest's first-choice Dean Henderson potentially sidelined until March, this unexpected loan isn't as unlikely as it may seem. Likelihood of leaving: 6/10 Clubs linked: Leeds Not for the first time, Juventus are causing problems with a transfer fee. 90min understands that Leeds United are confident of securing Weston McKennie's services, but the exact purchase arrangement remains unresolved. Whatever the terms of the agreement may be, the burgeoning American contingent in Yorkshire should be bolstered this winter. Likelihood of leaving: 7/10 Clubs linked: Tottenham Ruben Amorim may be intent on squeezing every last drop out of Pedro Porro before he packs his bags for London, but the former Manchester City full-back has his games in Sporting CP colours numbered. Tottenham are growing in confidence that Porro will be able to challenge Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal for a place at right wing-back but Sporting are playing hardball with any prospective fee. Antonio Conte may not get the dramatic revamp he repeatedly demands, but Porro should come through the door this month. Likelihood of leaving: 8/10 Clubs linked: Borussia Dortmund, Everton, Leicester, Southampton, PSV This is the sort of January deal which suits all parties - and suggests it could get wrapped up before the impending deadline. Anthony Elanga is in search of first-team minutes which Erik ten Hag is unwilling to give him, but neither the club nor the player is keen on anything as indelible as a permanent transfer.