Arsenal have announced the signing of Netherlands international defender Jurrien Timber after reaching an agreement for his transfer with Ajax. Timber, who won two Eredivisie titles in Amsterdam, has signed a long-term deal and becomes the Gunners' second incoming transfer of the summer after Kai Havertz swapped Stamford Bridge for the Emirates in late June. Speaking to Arsenal's club channels on Timber's signing, Mikel Arteta said: "We're really excited that Jurrien has joined us. He is a versatile young defender, who will fit into our system and provide our squad with so much added quality. "Jurrien is a young player, but has already achieved so much. He has experienced what it's like to go to a major international tournament on more than one occasion, as well as the trophies he has won with Ajax. We look forward to welcoming and integrating Jurrien into the squad." feed The Dutchman was absent for Ajax's first outdoor training session of the summer as his  £40m move to Arsenal approached completion. Personal terms had already been agreed before Arsenal thrashed out a fee with Ajax. Timber predominantly played at centre-back during the 2022/23 season but has also played out wide on the right. His strong passing ability and eagerness to dribble could mirror Oleksandr Zinchenko's role on the left should manager Mikel Arteta continue with the central partnership of William Saliba and Gabriel Magalhaes. The 22-year-old spent time in Feyenoord's youth set-up before joining Ajax in 2014. He signed his first professional contract in 2018 and played for the development Jong side before making his Eredivisie debut in 2020. Ajax were then managed by current Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag and Timber was previously a target for the Red Devils last year. United continued their interest earlier this summer before Arsenal and Liverpool joined them in watching the defender. Arsenal submitted an opening bid of    35m which was rejected by the Dutch club, who set the asking price at    60m. Confidence grew in north London over a successful transfer and Ajax soon lowered their desired sum to    50m.    42m will be paid up front with an extra    5m in add-ons. The Gunners are still looking to wrap up the final details of their move for West Ham and England midfielder Declan Rice. Arteta's side managed to swat away competition from Manchester City to agree a  £105m deal with the Hammers while the future of Thomas Partey remains uncertain. Granit Xhaka's exit for Bayer Leverkusen was confirmed on Thursday.