Bayern Munich are work harding to convince England defender Kyle Walker to leave Manchester City this transfer window, sources have confirmed to 90min. The 33-year-old has held talks with Bayern about a potential switch to the Allianz Arena this summer and the German champions have come away from discussions confident that he wants to join them, though he is yet to confirm his next move. Walker informed City at the end of last season of his desire to move after he was not named in their Champions League final starting XI, but they remain hopeful he can be persuaded to stay and have offered him a new contract up to 2025 - his current deal expires next year. City boss Pep Guardiola has made it clear to Walker that he wants him to stay, although it remains to be seen if that will be enough to sway his decision. "He's an incredibly important player for us, he has specific qualities, so difficult to find worldwide. His specific qualities are irreplaceable," Guardiola said ahead of their timely pre-season friendly with Bayern. "We want him, yes. In the end, I don't know what will happen. I know we're in contact, both clubs, we will fight for him like I'm sure Bayern will do it. I don't know how it will finish. "I heard the comments from Thomas Tuchel about Kyle, I will say the same. What I can say he is a very important player for us, he has a very specific quality, formidable opponent out wide. That quality is irreplaceable. The clubs are in touch, we will fight for him." feed Bayern president Herbert Hainer also confirmed they remain keen on Walker and are working on the transfer. "It shows that Pep appreciates the player. We have a certain interest in him," said Hainer. "We have to see how that will develop in the next few weeks. We still have some time in the transfer window." Having already lost Lucas Hernandez to PSG and preparing for the sale of Benjamin Pavard, Bayern are understood to have made Walker a contract offer which exceeds that of City's. If and when Bayern get a green-light from Walker, they will make an official bid for the player.