Borussia Dortmund have turned down an offer worth    100m from Manchester United for Jadon Sancho, in the latest twist to a transfer saga that has dragged on for over a year. The Red Devils have long been admirers of Sancho, and talk over a move to Old Trafford has been rampant over the past few months. BVB have remained adamant that Sancho will not be allowed to leave the Bundesliga giants unless United pay up in full, despite the best efforts of executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward. Sky DE: Borussia Dortmund rejects    80m plus    20m addon bid for Jadon Sancho. Dortmund tells Man Utd the player is not for sale. #BVB #MUFC No official bid has been lodged up to this point, despite the ongoing rumours, but Sky Germany now report that Dortmund have turned down an    80m ( £73m) offer, which would have risen to    100m with add-ons ( £91.3m). That figure remains someway short of Dortmund's valuation of    120m ( £108m), which has yet to waiver. United now have six days to stump of the cash, or risk losing out on a player who has been their primary target. In a surprise twist, reports in Spain have claimed that United's attention has already turned to Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele, suggesting that a deal around    50m-   60m could be agreed. Leading Spanish publication AS suggest a deal is viable, despite Bar  a's initial reluctance to sell, because the Catalan giants still need to raise additional funds through player sales. That would pave the way for Memphis Depay to complete his long awaited move to Camp Nou, where he'd reunite with former Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman, who took charge at the club this summer. Mundo Deportivo go as far as saying that United laid down an offer to Dembele ten days ago, but the Frenchman himself is keen to make a success of his spell at Barcelona, which has thus far been blighted by serious injury after serious injury. However, those Spanish reports are countered by information closer to home, which indicate that Dembele is in United's thoughts as a loan option only. It's also claimed by David Ornstein that discussions over Sancho are taking place between intermediaries, rather than club officials. 