90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid will make a choice on whether to sign one of Kylian Mbappe or Erling Haaland in the summer of 2024. As it stands, Mbappe is unlikely to trigger an extension clause in his contract, which is up at the end of next season. (L'Equipe) Liverpool left-back Andy Robertson is also a target for Real Madrid as they look to find a suitable replacement for Ferland Mendy. (Daily Mail) A player definitely leaving Liverpool is Roberto Firmino, who is keen to join Barcelona on a free transfer. However, La Blaugrana are instead looking to re-sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Chelsea. (Sport) Heading the other way from Barcelona to Chelsea could be long-term Blues target Jules Kounde, who is not happy at Camp Nou and is frustrated with being used so often at right-back instead of centre-back. (Sport) Meanwhile, Chelsea are still pushing to sign Napoli's Victor Osimhen as their new striker, but they will have to fork up    150m and clear some current players from their books first. (Sky Sports Germany) Jurgen Klopp has asked Liverpool to make another move for Fiorentina and Morocco midfielder Sofyan Amrabat during the summer transfer window. (Fichajes) Argentina goalkeeper Emi Martinez has joked he would make roast dinners for Lionel Messi if he joined him at Aston Villa. The forward is expected to join either Barcelona or Al Hilal from PSG on a free transfer this summer. (ESPN Argentina) manual Manchester United target Mohammed Kudus has rejected an offer of a new contract from Ajax and wants to leave this summer, according to his agent. Arsenal and Newcastle have also been linked with a move. (De Telegraaf) Brighton's Evan Ferguson also remains on Manchester United's radar but he is seen as a transfer target for 2024 instead. (Sky Sports) Manchester City striker Julian Alvarez is being monitored by Bayern Munich with his long-term future at the Etihad Stadium said to be uncertain. Randal Kolo Muani and Harry Kane have also been targeted by the Bavarians recently. (Sky Sports Germany) Ironically, Tottenham have been tipped to sign Lucas Beltran of River Plate, who has been labeled as 'the next Julian Alvarez'. (TNT Sports) Arsenal have joined several Premier League sides in the race for Leicester's James Maddison, while England colleague Declan Rice also remains a priority target. (Daily Mirror) LISTEN NOW