From scoring one of the most goose bump-inducing Premier League goals of all time to clinch his side their first top-flight title in 44 years, to becoming Liam Gallagher's favourite footballer; Sergio Aguero has had so many outstanding moments at Manchester City. The Argentine joined City in 2011 and, after ten years, has scored over 250 goals in under 400 appearances, arguably cementing himself as the club's greatest ever player. The striker has helped City to no less than five Premier League titles, five League Cup triumphs, three Community Shields and one FA Cup for good measure. Man City have confirmed that the Argentine striker will leave when his contract expires at the end of the season, and will be honoured with a statue outside the Etihad Stadium. So, while he's still able to cut it at the top, where could Aguero go? Yeah, right.The arrival of Edinson Cavani has proven the worth of having an experienced talisman at the club and, if the Uruguayan doesn't stay in Manchester, United could look for another similar deal. Aguero would fit the bill perfectly. But the City legend in a United shirt? Actually impossible to imagine.Likelihood rating: 0/10 Now, there's no way Bayern are going to look to replace Robert Lewandowski in the immediate future.Having said that, the Poland international is the Bavarians' only top tier striker in the squad with the only other out and out number nine being...Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting.Hansi Flick may look to secure some back up for his main man in the summer but might find it difficult to convince Aguero to play second fiddle.Likelihood rating: 1/10  Despite having played for city rivals Atletico, Aguero has been linked to the Bernabeu club in years gone by. Real Madrid could be an option for the Argentine, with Zinedine Zidane keen to bring in goal-scoring quality to relieve the burden on Karim Benzema. But Los Blancos may not be so tempting for the Manchester City man, without the guarantee of a starting spot - and the prospect of a deep hatred developing among Atletico fans.Likelihood rating: 2/10 Depending on what reports you believe, the future of Romelu Lukaku is an uncertain one. To say the least, there has been a lot of speculation surrounding possible movement of the Belgian striker. If worst comes to worst for Antonio Conte's side, Aguero could be an ideal replacement for the striker. The Argentine's wages would most probably be affordable for Inter after the sale of Lukaku and he would fill in well alongside his international teammate Lautaro Martinez.Likelihood rating: 4/10 Aguero is fondly remembered at Atletico Madrid and a return would be an interesting one. Diego Simeone has been vocal about his appreciation for older players after Suarez's impact at the club this season, stating he'd even bring 39-year-old Zlatan Ibrahimovic to the club.But, if Aguero fails to sing a new contract at the Etihad, it could be the 32-year old to make a return to the Spanish capital.Aguero and Suarez up front - oldies, but definitely goldies.Likelihood rating: 5/10 The bookies' favourites to secure the Man City man's signature are Juventus. Andrea Pirlo's side have heavily relied on the phenomenal goalscoring record of Cristiano Ronaldo in the last couple of years. In 2019/20 the Portuguese scored 20 more (31) than any other player at the club, while this season he has double the amount (20) of Alvaro Morata in second place.So, the need for a proven goal source to complement 36-year old Ronaldo is one that should take priority for Pirlo, making potential free agent Aguero a tasty option. Likelihood rating: 5.5/10 Despite finally finding some league form in 2021, Barcelona are very far from a finished product and the arrival of Sergio Aguero could go a long way to adding a clinical edge at Camp Nou. La Blaugrana would, arguably, see it as finally replacing a hole left by the departure of Luis Suarez. Aguero would slot in nicely up front and provide a reliable outlet for creative talents in the side. The Argentine also has a good relationship with Barca captain Lionel Messi, for whom the arrival of Aguero may be an incentive to stay put at Barcelona. If financial circumstances permit it come the summer, it's certainly one to think about for the Bar  a hierarchy.Likelihood rating: 6/10