Donny van de Beek has told Dutch press that his international team-mate Steven Bergwijn tried to convince him to join him at Tottenham, prior to his transfer to Manchester United.  Spurs were one of many clubs heavily linked with the Dutchman, but United came out of the blue and made a deal happen. Within 24 hours of the first substantial reporting on their interest, the Red Devils' decisiveness paid off, and a deal was announced.  That would have come to the disappointment of Bergwijn, however, who joined Jos   Mourinho's team in January, and wanted Van de Beek to join him in North London.   Very excited to be the newest edition of the #MUFC family. ? Your enthusiastic responses to my announcement make me feel at home already! Can   t wait to join the team in Manchester.  But first... focus on the Dutch Squad in preparation for the upcoming Nations League matches against Poland and Italy. ? A post shared by  Donny van de Beek (@donnyvdbeek) on Sep 3, 2020 at 12:22am PDT    Steven Bergwijn texted me to see whether I would play for Spurs,    the midfielder told Algemeen Dagblad, as quoted by Goal.    But I chose United. "I felt ready for the next step. This was the time to go. That is why I was on the phone with my agent last weekend. In the end, there was an agreement." Spurs fans are left imagining a parallel universe where Van de Beek heeded Bergwijn's words, and they have something in common with Real Madrid in that regard. Not long after the move was confirmed, he told De Telegraaf that he might not have been available this summer, had a move to Real Madrid gone through as planned a year ago.  Very excited to be the newest edition of the #MUFC family. ? Your enthusiastic responses to my announcement make me feel at home already! Can   t wait to join the team in Manchester. But first... focus on the Dutch Squad in preparation for the upcoming Nations League matches.? pic.twitter.com/FIUAwed0FA He admits everything was 'closed', but fell through when Real could not clear sufficient space in the squad for his arrival.