Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has insisted the club were 'professional' and followed 'careful processes' in their transfer recruitment this summer. The Red Devils recently completed the signing of Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund for a fee that could reach  £72m. He is expected to become their starting striker once he returns to full fitness following a back injury, United have had a long-standing interest in Harry Kane, but they did not make any advances to Tottenham Hotspur this summer, and the 30-year-old is now set to join Bayern Munich after the two clubs agreed on an  £86.4m fee. Ahead of Monday's Premier League opener at home to Wolves, Ten Hag was asked about Kane's move to the Bundesliga and Man Utd's own interest - with the Dutchman admitting his exit is a blow to England's top flight. "I don't think that I have to go into that discussion or give an opinion about that," Ten Hag said. "We are professional, the processes we do are really careful. "We consider a lot of things but finally we make decisions, we don't take decisions overnight, there is a strategy in every decision behind and we are happy with the squad we have behind us now. feed "We have chosen a striker and we are really happy with our choice. He [Kane] is a great striker, clear. A goal-maker and apart from that he has all the conditions and abilities that you want to see in a striker. "It's a miss for the Premier League, absolutely." United ironically travel to Tottenham next Saturday for their second Premier League fixture of the season, and could instead up against a forward line led by Son Heung-min and Richarlison, who spent most of last season on the bench despite costing the north Londoners  £60m when joining from Everton. Hojlund won't be available for the Red Devils, as he nurses his back injury, and that could put the onus on Marcus Rashford to again score the goals for Ten Hag's side. The 25-year-old scored a career-best 30 in all competitions last season to earn a new five-year contract and status as the highest-paid player at the club.