Chelsea youngster Billy Gilmour has asked to leave Stamford Bridge on loan for the remainder of the season to boost his chances of making the Scotland squad for the European Championships this summer. A fringe player under former boss Frank Lampard, Gilmour was dropped from the squad altogether for Thomas Tuchel's first game in charge - Wednesday's 0-0 draw with Wolves - with Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic starting instead. A loan move was touted even before Lampard's dismissal, but the rumours have grown ever since, and now the Daily Mail state that Gilmour has asked to find a new temporary home for the remainder of the campaign as he fears chances under Tuchel may be limited. Gilmour has only just recovered from knee surgery and is eager to prove his fitness in the run-up to the Euros this summer. He is yet to make his senior debut for Steve Clarke's Scotland but has been earmarked as a potential late call-up to the squad. Interest from the Premier League and top end of the Championship is expected, while a return to Steven Gerrard's Rangers has also been touted. ? Ballon d'Or winner 2021 - Billy Gilmour.pic.twitter.com/27dhSntEGU The Telegraph expect Chelsea to grant Gilmour's wish and send him out on a six-month loan. There is real excitement around the Scot at Stamford Bridge and the Blues do not want to stunt his growth by keeping him around right now. Gilmour is described as one of the most sought-after players as we approach the end of the transfer window, suggesting there are plenty of sides who are keen to take the 19-year-old on for the rest of the campaign. In total, Gilmour has made 17 appearances for Chelsea in all competitions, six of which have come this season. However, with his knee injury keeping him out until November, he has been restricted to just 34 minutes of Premier League action. There were hopes that Lampard would give Gilmour some more minutes across the remainder of the campaign, although the pair were expected to hold talks this week to make a final decision about a loan move.