Real Madrid are now in the market for a new goalkeeper after Thibaut Courtois suffered a potential season-ending injury this week.  The Belgian shot-stopper suffered an ACL injury which will unfortunately require surgery and an extremely lengthy spell on the sidelines.  In the imemdiate term Andriy Lunin will stand in. But here's the options available to Madrid in what remains of this summer transfer window in order to replace the stricken Courtois... feed Diogo Costa is the best goalkeeper on this list. That is a fact. The Porto star is an archtypal modern goalie who is as equally with the ball at his feet as he is in between the sticks. So why is he the last on these options, you ask? Well the fact that he has a  £65m (   75m) release clause in his contract - something which we highly doubt Real Madrid would pay. Likelihood: 1/10 The 22-year-old has been consistently linked with a move away from Valencia in recent months, so it only makes sense to add him to list of potential Courtois deputies. The  £25m asking price that Valencia have put on the goalkeeper makes any move unlikely however, especially when there's much, much cheaper options who would do as good a job currently on the market. Likelihood: 2/10  Recently linked with a move to Bayern, regular Premier League viewers are well aware of Kepa Arrizabalaga's deficiencies. He's not all bad though, and if Chelsea are desperate to get ride of him this summer then he could be available for an okay price.Kepa was actually heavily linked with Madrid once before, way back in 2018.Likelihood: 4/10  Even before the news broke that Thibaut Courtois was set to miss the majority of the season, David Soria was being linked with a move to the Santiago Bernabeu. A deal was reported to have fallen through in July due to a mixture of Getafe wanting  £8m for his services and Soria not being keen on becoming a second choice goalkeeper. With the opportunity to become Madrid's first-choice shot-stopper for a season now available, Soria may be more keen to join the club. Likelihood: 6/10  Three UEFA Champions Leagues, one La Liga and four FIFA Club World Cups. It's fair to say that Keylor Navas enjoyed his previous stint at Real Madrid. His success at the club in the mid-2010s, coupled with his availability due to lowly position in the PSG goalkeeper ranks means this deal would make a lot of sense. Likelihood: 8/10  Once upon a time, David de Gea was a fax machine away from joining Real Madrid for around  £30m.Now, Madrid can sign the goalkeeper as a free agent and not have worry about paying a fee or rely on a fax machine to work properly. He's the logical choice. Likelihood: 10/10