Poland starlet Kacper Kozlowski has played his way on to the radar of a handful of European giants, with Barcelona, Juventus and Borussia Dortmund all keen on the Pogon Szczecin wonderkid. The 17-year-old became the youngest player in the history of the European Championships when he came off the bench in Poland's 1-1 draw with Spain, breaking the record which had been set by England's Jude Bellingham just a few days earlier. It's been a whirlwind summer for Kozlowski, and it might not be over yet as Corriere dello Sport state that a number of sides across Europe have expressed an interest in signing him. Some of the most concrete interest actually comes from Cagliari, who have reached out to try and tempt Kozlowski to join, but to win the race for his signature, they are going to have to fight off competition from Barcelona, Juventus and Dortmund. Seen by many in Poland as their brightest talent since Robert Lewandowski, Kozlowski's departure from Pogon Szczecin is seen as just a matter of time and the Polish side hope to bring in a tidy fee for a player still under contract for two more years.     Kacper Koz  owski    Pogo   Szczecin    Polish    17 years oldThe youngest player travelling to the tournament, and if he sees a single minute of action, he will become the youngest player to ever feature at the European Championships! ?Welcome to Our 21, Kacper ?? Don't be surprised to see more sides join the race for Kozlowski's signature. There were concrete links to Feyenoord not too long ago, but most of Europe's elite have been linked with the teenager at one point or another. There are plenty of links to Manchester United floating around, which perhaps explains his nickname of the 'Polish Paul Pogba', and expect more tides to throw their hat into the ring after Kozlowski's record-breaking summer. Already a regular starter at club level, Kozlowski racked up one goal and three assists in 20 appearances for Pogon Szczecin last season. A post shared by Kacper Koz  owski (@kozi_6) That form earned him a maiden call-up to the Poland squad back in March, and manager Paulo Sousa quickly decided he had seen enough of the teenager to draft him into the team for the European Championships.