Manchester City are expecting Bayern Munich to formalise their interest in Kyle Walker with an offer, 90min understands. The 33-year-old's future at the Etihad Stadium has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks, stemming from Pep Guardiola's decision to omit Walker from his Champions League final starting lineup - a move that is understood to have hurt the former Tottenham fullback. 90min revealed in June that Walker, who is into the final 12 months of his City contract, had held initial discussions with Bayern over a move to the Bundesliga, with the Bavarians expecting to part ways with Benjamin Pavard this summer having already turned down the opportunity to make Joao Cancelo's loan from City a permanent deal. City are not expecting to welcome Cancelo back into the fold, despite his positional versatility, and have instead moved to offer Walker a new contract, in the hope that he will commit his future to the club in preference to seeking a new challenge. But 90min understands that City have been informed of Walker's desire to pursue a move to Bayern, with whom he has now agreed terms in principle. feed The seven-time Premier League winners are expecting Bayern to formalise their interest with a bid, though it's unclear at this stage how much Thomas Tuchel's side are prepared to offer. Much could depend on the future of Pavard, who may actually be in the frame to replace Walker in Manchester given his ability to play in central defence as well as at right-back. Bayern's move may also hinge on how much money they are willing to commit to a potential deal for Tottenham striker Harry Kane. Two bids for the England captain have already been rejected by Spurs chairman Daniel Levy, though dialogue has continued between the two clubs as the 2020 Champions League winners look to pull off a seemingly impossible transfer. As for City, they have long committed to selling players who no longer want to be at the club - indicating they will sell Walker to Bayern for the right price - and his departure may open up the opportunity for Rico Lewis, who was rewarded with a new long-term contract earlier this year, to play more first-team football. Their stance may be challenged, however, should Bernardo Silva, long linked with Barcelona and PSG, continue to seek a new challenge, while Riyad Mahrez, who was left out of City's side for both the FA Cup and Champions League final, is being courted by the Saudi Pro League and may find an offer impossible to turn down.