Inter's finances have been hit hard by the COVID-19 outbreak, and things are so bad that the Italian side were unable to pay their first instalment of their deal to sign Achraf Hakimi from Real Madrid. The Nerazzurri struck a deal to bring right-back Hakimi over from Spain for the best part of  £40m, agreeing to split the fee up to help them afford the deal. As noted by La Repubblica, the initial plan was for Inter to pay around  £9m in December, but the Serie A side have found themselves unable to meet the deadline and were instead forced to renegotiate a new date. Inter met with Real to discuss the situation, and both sides have agreed to defer the payment until March 30. The drama doesn't stop there, however. Inter's finances are so bad that the first team are still waiting to be given their salaries from July and August. The players have been sympathetic to the club's current struggles and had expected to receive those wages by September, but they still haven't arrived. Inter have until February 16 to pay up before they risk being docked points. The club's owners, the Suning Group, are now contemplating striking an urgent deal to sell the club to English group BC Partners, who are currently evaluating Inter's financial situation. BC Partners are debating just how much they should offer for the club, but there are believed to be other bodies prepared to make an offer if the opportunity presents itself. "I hope that everything can be resolved in the best way," Conte said of Inter's struggles after Sunday's 2-0 win over Juventus. "I already knew in August that there were problems, they continue to exist. We hope that everything goes for the best, for the good of Inter and for us." About last night... ?? pic.twitter.com/i1XjYjDtcD The mood at the club is still thought to be generally positive. Conte has been working hard to keep spirits high, and the team's impressive performances in Serie A - they currently sit joint top with rivals AC Milan, who have a game in hand - have obviously helped.