Manchester United have rejected a  £20m bid from West Ham United for defender Harry Maguire, 90min understands.  Having fallen out of favour under Erik ten Hag during the 2022/23 season - a season in which the defender made just eight Premier League starts - Maguire was recently stripped of the Man Utd captaincy, with the armband being given to Bruno Fernandes in his stead.  90min recently reported that, after being stripped of the captain's armband, Erik ten Hag communicated to Maguire that it would be 'better for all involved' if he accepted a move away from Old Trafford during the summer transfer window. The defender has consistently reiterated his desire to stay at Old Trafford and fight to be part of Ten Hag's plans, however the club are hopeful that he will ultimately change his stance regarding his own future.  Tottenham Hotspur had been among the clubs said to be interested in signing the out-of-favour centre-back, and 90min understands that West Ham have also joined the race in recent weeks due to David Moyes identifying the player as an ideal defensive reinforcement.  That interest has now turned into a verbal bid, as sources have confirmed that the Hammers have lodged a  £20m offer for the services of Maguire - an offer that was promptly rejected by Man Utd.  feed United have put Maguire up for sale for the right price this summer, with West Ham's bid falling short of that as of yet.  Along with Maguire, West Ham also have an interest in signing midfielder Scott McTominay this summer. 90min understands that, while the club are eyeing a permanent deal for Maguire, they are considering making a loan offer for the Scottish international. McTominay is seen as a potential replacement for Declan Rice this summer, who left the club for Arsenal in a British record deal earlier in July. McTominay is one of a number of midfielders that Moyes' side currently retain an interest in, having seen a recent  £50m bid for Fulham's Joao Palhinha be rejected and given Chelsea a verbal indication that they'd be willing to pay  £40m for Conor Gallagher. 