Atletico Madrid are considering launching a bid to sign Chelsea star Olivier Giroud in the January transfer window, who may be open to a move in order to gain regular playing time.  The 34-year-old has struggled to break into the Blues' starting lineup this season, although he has shown his class when given the opportunity, scoring nine goals in 15 appearances in all competitions.  Giroud's impressive consistency has helped him retain his place as France's first-choice striker, and with the rearranged Euro 2020 tournament fast approaching this summer, he may be forced to look elsewhere for first-team football.  13 goals in his last 13 Chelsea starts! ?Giroud is so reliable when called upon! pic.twitter.com/FB89qqxyr1 And according to Rai Sport in Italy (via The Mirror), Diego Simeone and Atleti are weighing up a January move for the Frenchman, as a replacement for Diego Costa, whose contract was recently terminated by the Spanish giants.  Los Rojiblancos are looking for another forward to challenge Luis Suarez in their front line, after bringing Costa's time at the Wanda Metropolitano to a premature end. The Spain international rejoined Atleti in January 2018, but he has suffered terribly through poor form and injury, and it appeared in the best interest of both the club and player to part ways.  That decision could leave the door open for Giroud to head to La Liga, where he could get the goals and minutes he needs to anchor down a place at Euro 2020. He has once again failed to surpass Tammy Abraham as Chelsea's main striker, and the summer arrival of Timo Werner has pushed him even further down the pecking order.  With only six months remaining on his current deal, Giroud could either leave the Blues for a fee in January, or pre-arrange a free transfer to another club in the summer, when his contract expires on June 30. Giroud addressed the topic of his future in a recent interview with Sky Sports, admitting he 'just tries to be part of the team' but gave little indication that he was desperate to leave Stamford Bridge to boost his minutes on the pitch.  "I am the happiest man when I am on the pitch. "We will see what happens in the next few months but I just want to keep my efficiency high.