Atalanta manager Gian Piero Gasperini has revealed that the Italian side are looking to keep Ivorian winger Amad Diallo at the club until the end of the season, despite his deal to join Manchester United this month. Back in October 2020, United agreed a  £37m deal to bring the teenager to Old Trafford in January, and Diallo has now picked up his Italian passport ahead of traveling to England to complete the transfer. ? We have reached an agreement with Atalanta for the future transfer of Amad Diallo, subject to a medical, personal terms and work permit. ?#MUFC The stage is set for Diallo to move to Old Trafford imminently, but Gasperini confirmed in a press conference that he would like to see the talented teenager remain in Italy for a little while longer. "It is clear that he is a Manchester United player now, but he could still remain here for a few months," Gasperini said (via Sky Sport Italia). "I like him a lot, he's only 18. I'd like him to stay until June, obviously it depends on his club." Gasperini admitted he sees Diallo as an 'internal solution' to the ongoing issue with Papu Gomez, who has essentially been frozen out of the squad in anticipation of a move away from Atalanta at the end of the season. He hopes to see Diallo stay and cover for Gomez's absence, but United have been clear in their desire to bring the 18-year-old in as soon as possible.    [With] Amad we   ve had all the paperwork, or we   re waiting for all the paperwork. I can   t see any obstacles really,     manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said (via United's official website).    Hopefully within not too long he   ll be with us.    I   m very excited about bringing him in. I think he   s shown a few times his qualities. Of course he has to learn to play in England, that   s a different level of football. We   ll give him time to develop and to express himself.    Apart from that, I   m not really thinking too much on what we   re going to do with players. Of course, we   re always working long-term. That   s the big thing. We have targets we need long-term for the club.   