90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Lionel Messi has been linked with a move to Saudi Arabia as he nears a potential Paris Saint-Germain exit, with the seven-time Ballon d   Or a possible upgrade on Odion Ighalo at Al Hilal. (Sky Sports) PSG, however, have presented Messi what is seeming a take it or leave it offer that trumps any other on the table     including Barcelona     from a Champions League club. (The Times) Jude Bellingham could immediately become Real Madrid   s second highest paid player this summer. (Mail) Arsenal could have  £150m to spend in the summer transfer window and are confident of securing a new contract for key defender William Saliba. (Mirror) The Gunners are linked with Dinamo Zagreb defender Josip Sutalo as part of that squad refresh. (Evening Standard) Arsenal could cash in on home-grown talents Emile Smith Rowe and Folarin Balogun. (Telegraph) Chelsea and Newcastle could rival Arsenal in showing interest in former Leeds winger Raphinha, who could be sold by Barcelona after only one season. (SPORT) Barcelona legend Andres Iniesta is set to leave Vissel Kobe in Japan after five years. (Nikkan Sports) Bayern Munich believe they have everything in place to seal a  £100m deal for Eintracht Frankfurt and France forward Randal Kolo Muani. (Independent) feed PSG are said to be keeping tabs on Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise. (Express) West Ham are set to demand  £100m for Declan Rice this summer. (Mail) Manchester United are linked with Bayer Leverkusen and Netherlands Under-21 defender Jeremie Frimpong, formerly of Celtic and Manchester City. (Mirror) Home-grown Chelsea fan favourite Mason Mount remains a Liverpool target. (Mail) AC Milan midfielder Ismael Bennacer is supposedly an Arsenal and Manchester City target. He was previously a Gunners player as a teenager. (FootballTransfers) Union Berlin is considered a likely destination for Sergino Dest next season as he prepares for another loan away from Barcelona. (Mirror) Newcastle could soon make Bruno Guimaraes their highest paid player ever. (Football Insider) Manchester United striker Mason Greenwood has been linked with a Juventus loan. (The Sun) No decision is made on where Conor Coady will play his football next season, having spent 2022/23 on loan at Everton from Wolves. (Mail) West Ham, Crystal Palace and Leicester are keeping tabs on Bournemouth   s Jefferson Lerma. (Team Talk)