Bayern Munich have told Manchester United that they want a fee of    40m ( £34.5m) plus add-ons for Benjamin Pavard, 90min understands. The 27-year-old is keen to leave the Allianz Arena this summer in search of a new challenge having lifted numerous trophies since arriving in Bavaria from Stuttgart in 2019. United, meanwhile, are keen to sign a new centre-back as they attempt to offload Harry Maguire to West Ham United in a  £30m deal, with Pavard's name high up on an extensive list of potential transfer targets. 90min previously revealed that United had open talks with Bayern over a deal for Pavard, who can play at right-back and at centre-back, and were working towards a deal that valued the World Cup winner at    35m ( £30m). But sources have confirmed to 90min that Bayern have communicated to United that they're looking for    40m plus add-ons for Pavard, much to the chagrin of the 13-time Premier League winners. Pavard is said to be unimpressed with Bayern's change in stance, with personal terms agreed in principle over a move to Old Trafford, with United also surprised by the moving of the goalposts. feed Talks are ongoing between the two parties, with United in particular keen to find a resolution, but Bayern's inability to land Kyle Walker from Manchester City means the Bundesliga giants could change their stance entirely on a potential sale. Jean-Clair Todibo, Perr Schuurs, Jarrad Branthwaite, Edmond Tapsoba and Benfica   s Antonio Silva are other options being considered by United, as they bid to strengthen the depth of Erik ten Hag's squad, though they don't offer the same positional versatility that Pavard does. To add fuel to the rumour fire, Pavard liked an Instagram post from United's official Instagram account that celebrated Raphael Varane's winner against Wolves on Monday night - though the two are international teammates and are known to be close friends. United have signed Andre Onana, Mason Mount and Rasmus Hojlund for significant transfer fees this summer, also adding Jonny Evans to their squad on a short-term deal. There have also been a number of outgoing this summer, with David de Gea and Freed the most high-profile exits to date. Maguire may follow, providing he gives an imminent answer to West Ham over a move to London Stadium, and there's continued speculation over the future of midfielder Scott McTominay.