Newcastle are considering an outlandish summer bid for Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar, who is thought to be unsettled in the French capital. Barcelona defender Dani Alves says Lionel Messi is also unhappy at Paris Saint-Germain, sparking rumours of a sensational return to Camp Nou this summer. Kylian Mbappe's mother is thought to have demanded Real Madrid pay a signing-on fee of  £125m in order to lure him away from Paris Saint-Germain. Real Madrid fear they will miss out to Manchester City in the race to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Cristiano Ronaldo intends to stay at Manchester United regardless of whether or not they qualify for next season's Champions League. Mohamed Salah has 'no intention' of extending his contract at Liverpool. The 29-year-old has less than 18 months on his deal and talks have stalled between the club and his representatives. Arsenal may have to splash close to  £70m if they want to sign Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, who was a January target for West Ham and scored the goal that knocked Ajax out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage. The Gunners have also identified Steven Bergwijn, who plays for north London rivals Tottenham, as a possible forward target. Manchester City plan to offer Rodri a contract extension but will still press ahead with plans to sign a replacement for veteran midfielder Fernandinho. Raphinha looks certain to leave Leeds United this summer and could depart for as little as    25m if the club are relegated from the Premier League. Aston Villa defender Matty Cash, rated at around  £40m, is back on the radar of La Liga champions Atletico Madrid. Barcelona are interested in signing Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham in any deal that could send Memphis Depay back to the Premier League. Real Madrid are also pondering exercising their buy-back option on Reguilon. Youri Tielemans has confirmed talks are taking place over his future at Leicester amid interest from a number of top European clubs. The Belgian has a contract at King Power Stadium until 2023. Real Madrid have stepped up their interest in Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni but he's said to prefer a move to the Premier League. Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea have all shown interest although the latter are currently unable to sign players.