Manchester United have agreed a fee with Atalanta for the transfer of Denmark striker Rasmus Hojlund, 90min understands. The Red Devils' striker search this summer led them to the former Sturm Graz forward, who scored nine goals in 32 Serie A appearances last season. United's most recent offer was rebuffed by Atalanta before Paris Saint-Germain entered the bidding with a rival proposal for the 20-year-old. 90min now understands the final package from United is worth    85m,    10m of are in potential add-ons. Personal terms were agreed between the two parties earlier in July. It's a five-year deal and United hope to conclude the deal quickly so he can take part in their pre-season. Hojlund was not involved in Atalanta's friendly with Bournemouth on Saturday, but the signing of his replacement - Almeria's El Bilal Toure - has been announced by the Italian side. Should all go to plan, Denmark international Hojlund will become United's third main summer arrival following incoming deals for midfielder Mason Mount and goalkeeper Andre Onana. Star forward Marcus Rashford has also signed a new deal at Old Trafford. feed Hojlund previously indicated his desire to leave Atalanta for United and personal terms were not an issue. However, a sticking point in negotiations was the up-front fee and how much would be paid in 2024. The Red Devils had previously pitched the idea of offering players in exchange, but Atalanta weren't interested. Arsenal and Chelsea were among the clubs previously interested in Hojlund, having scouts present for the striker's Denmark debut. United among other clubs were then informed he would cost around    70m, with Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen among their former targets. United's struggles up front were evident in 2022/23 despite their Carabao Cup success and Champions League qualification. Wout Weghorst was signed on a stop-gap loan while Rashford and Anthony Martial - fitness permitting - also featured in the central role. Rashford was United's top scorer in the Premier League in 2022/23, netting 17 goals. He struck 30 times in all competitions in total.