Tottenham striker Harry Kane is believed to feel that chairman Daniel Levy is reneging on a    gentleman   s agreement    made last summer by rebuffing Manchester City's transfer interest. Kane has grown frustrated at his boyhood club as a result of failure to challenge for major trophies and made his desire leave known to the hierarchy at the end of last season. The 28-year-old subsequently did not report for training when expected earlier this month and was not part of the squad for the opening game of the season - ironically a win over Manchester City at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday. However, rumour has it he did attend the game. 90min was able to report on Sunday that Levy   s stance has not softened. He continues to insist that Kane is not available for any price and shows no sign of changing his mind. City   s interest remains strong, but even an improved offer worth up to  £130m may still not be enough to tempt the Spurs chairman into selling. As the transfer window enters its final two weeks, the Daily Telegraph appears to have informed from Kane   s side of the table that he feels Levy is not honouring a meeting in the summer of 2020. It is said Kane believes he was promised he could leave Spurs if the club underachieved during the 2020/21 season, which was the case when they placed seventh in the final Premier League table - their lowest finish since 2009 - and missed out on both the Champions League and Europa League. The player now feels that Levy has backtracked on the agreement he thought was made. It is also said that Kane thought Levy had agreed to an extended holiday this summer, which resulted in him reporting for training late and missing the start of the Premier League season. Instead, he feels a miscommunication from the club has led to fans turning against him. As things stand, it is now believed that Levy is no longer accepting calls from City, despite a willingness from the Premier League champions to pay a British-record fee. Kane remains determined to leave Spurs but wants it to be on good terms, with the fans fully in his mind. It is said that he had hoped his future would be sorted before playing for England at Euro 2020 and, given his meeting with Levy 12 months earlier, expected that to be the case.