Welcome to 90min's Sunday transfer live blog. We're here to keep you up to date with all the latest transfer rumours, gossip and general nonsense as the window approaches its conclusion. There have been some big movers during January, but the chaos is starting to pick up and clubs from all across Europe will be planning late deals to strengthen their squads. Follow along below. We've got you covered. Thank you for joining us today. Tomorrow, it's the big one: transfer deadline day. There's sure to be plenty of zany storylines. Be sure to check back in the morning! Marca report Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is willing to take a pay cut to join Barcelona this month. However, Bar  a will need to shift contract rebel Ousmane Dembele first to create space in the squad and free up some funds. FFP scuppered a move to Man Utd or Chelsea. Newcastle have finally solved their left-back conundrum and are closing in on a new signing for the position. Having essentially been linked with every available left-sided full-back going, the Magpies are set to sign Aston Villa's Matt Targett on loan, 90min understands. Things are progressing well, with Targett's representatives travelling to Tyneside on Sunday after Villa granted them permission to hammer out a deal. The player is likely to follow them for a medical on Monday morning. Lille midfielder Renato Sanches - of Swansea fame - has rejected a move to Milan, according to Fabrizio Romano. There was an informal agreement between the clubs, but Sanches said no to the switch. Little bit of French for you there. Phil Jones' proposed move to Bordeaux has collapsed, according to rumours in France. The Man Utd man wanted guarantees about his play time, which apparently he did not get. Ajax left-back Nicolas Tagliafico is going nowhere this month, accoding to reports from the Netherlands. The Argentine had been linked with a move to Barcelona, but it seems that is now off the cards. Arsenal are desperately searching for a new striker in January, and that could lead them to turn to Chelsea flop Alvaro Morata. The Spain international is potentially surplus to requirements in Turin following the arrival of Dusan Vlahovic, and according to AS the Gunners have made contact with Morata to try to convince him to return to London. Lots of conflicting rumours about Ousmane Dembele circulating tonight... Reports from France earlier claimed he'd agreed terms with PSG, while Julien Maynard says he is unlikely to leave this month. In Spain, one reports says Xavi has changed his mind about selling the winger, while another says Tottenham have made an approach. Who knows what to believe?! Newcastle are still on the lookout for a new left-back, and the latest name to be linked is Atletico Madrid's Renan Lodi. However, Jacque Talbot reckons the Spanish giants want    40m for the Brazilian, so this may be one for the summer. Hakim Ziyech's Chelsea career has hardly been vintage so far, but Bayern Munich could be ready to take a chance on the left-footed wizard.  That's according to Fichajes in Spain, but take this one with a healthy pinch of salt. A deal of that magnitude is hardly likely to be completed before tomorrow night. Juventus are apparently eyeing up left-back Federico Gatti, who currently plies his trade for Frosinone.  As per Romeo Agresti, Juve will face plenty of competition for Gatti. He is coached by Fabio Grosso, who presumably taught him all he knows.  Could the Ousmane Dembele saga finally be at an end? According to Foot Mercato, it may be.  They report that the Barcelona man has reached an agreement with PSG. If this is the case, he will either link up with his new teammates for a small fee this month or sign for nothing in the summer.  Juventus attacker Dejan Kulusevski has been filmed arriving at what appears to be an airport as he prepares to travel to London to join Tottenham. Speaking to reporters there, he said his goodbyes to the Bianconeri. "I had a very good time at Juventus, I hope one day to return.    Frank Lampard is set to be named Everton manager on a contract until summer 2024 - and an announcement could even be made tonight. The Mirror report the former Chelsea man wants as many as three signings before the end of the transfer window tomorrow. The names touted are Donny van de Beek, Dele Alli and Idrissa Gana Gueye. He is almost certain to tick one of those off his list, with Van de Beek close to securing a loan move to Goodison Park. West Ham are looking into a late, late deal for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez after a push to sign Gabigol failed,  90min  understands. The 22-year-old has been in terrific form in Portugal during 2021/22, scoring 20 goals in 25 games across all competitions. This would be some coup for the Hammers. More on the 90min site shortly... Former Inter and Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen is closing in on a move to Brentford following his cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. Sky Sports report he will join the Bees on a six-month deal having passed all the necessary medical checks to make his return to professional football. Inter were forced to release the Dane late last year as rules in Italy prevent players with defibrillators fitted to their hearts from featuring there. Juventus midfielder Mohamed Ihattaren has joined Ajax on loan, having never actually kicked a ball for his parent club. The 19-year-old only joined Juve in the summer from PSV, but he's back in the Netherlands following a failed loan at Sampdoria in the first half of the season. Brighton star Yves Bissouma could yet make a dramatic exit from the Amex Stadium this month. According to Fabrice Hawkins three Premier League clubs are still trying to sign the Mali international - Aston Villa, Tottenham and Man Utd. Given Spurs are about to sign Juventus' Rodrigo Bentancur, that option seems unlikely - but it is certainly one to keep an eye on. A potentially huge story if there's any substance to it... Journalist Pedro Almeida claims Man Utd have made a    20m bid for Barcelona contract rebel Ousmane Dembele. It has been widely reported that Dembele could be heading for the Premier League before the transfer deadline having been told by the Catalan club that he will be sold. It really has been a month for midfielders. With Rodrigo Bentancur on his way to Tottenham, Juventus are set to replace him with Switzerland international Denis Zakaria of Borussia Monchengladbach - who had been linked with every man and his dog. It seems that one of those players who is constantly in the rumour mill has finally got their move. Arguably the first statement transfer of the new regime at Newcastle. The Magpies have confirmed the big-money signing of Brazilian midfielder Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon. He signs on a four-and-a-half year deal. Huge! Bad news for Arsenal fans. The Athletic report that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's potential move to Barcelona does not necessarily mean anyone will be arriving to replace him. Alexander Isak is a target, but it's getting late in the day and Real Sociedad are standing firm on his hefty  £75m price tag. Frank Lampard has signed his contract to become Everton's new manager, according to The Telegraph. Now all we're waiting for is the announcement... It seems West Ham are going to be big players in the remainder of the transfer window, and they're closing in on a defensive target. 90min revealed on Friday that the Hammers were in talks with Marseille over centre-back Duje Caleta-Car, and those discussions are now said to be at an advanced stage. Having wrapped up a deal for Porto star Luis Diaz, Liverpool have been linked with another sensational transfer before the window closes tomorrow. According to various reports, the Reds are working on a deal to sign Fulham prodigy Fabio Carvalho, and the plan could be to loan him to Porto for the next six months - where he would replace Luis Diaz for the time being at least. The perfect plan. 90min revealed West Ham's interest in Raphinha on Friday, and it seems he is not the only Leeds star they are after. According to The Telegraph, the Hammers have seen a club-record  £50m bid for England international Kalvin Phillips rejected. The Irons are going hard late in the transfer window! We mentioned Tanguy Ndombele's impending return to Lyon earlier, and that deal means a move there is probably off the cards for another Tottenham midfielder. Fabrizio Romano claims Giovani Lo Celso won't be heading to the Ligue 1 club, with the player holding out for a switch to Villarreal in La Liga. The news Newcastle fans have been waiting for... The Magpies remain hopeful of finalising a loan for Manchester United's Jesse Lingard by Monday's transfer deadline,  90min  understands. Sources have told us  Lingard  has agreed terms with Newcastle as the two clubs have continued talks over a deal - which will see the England international arrive on an initial loan until the end of the season. Barcelona and Arsenal are close to agreeing a loan move for outcast striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Gabon international has fallen out of favour with Mikel Arteta due to some disciplinary reasons and The Athletic's David Ornstein says progress has been made over a loan, though they need to resolve the wage issue. Aubameyang earns  £350,000 a week at Arsenal, who want Bar  a to cover as much of that hefty outlay as possible. Zenit Saint Petersburg have confirmed Sardar Azmoun has left the club this month to complete his move to Bundesliga side Bayer Leverkusen. The 27-year-old has scored seven Russian Premier league goals in 15 appearances so far this season and joins a Leverkusen side currently third in the Bundesliga. Real Sociedad are relaxed over Arsenal's pursuit of Alexander Isak and won't let the Swede leave unless his    90m release clause is met, according to Mundo Deportivo. The Gunners are looking for a new striker and had previously been linked with Dusan Vlahovic, who instead left Fiorentina for Juventus. They now want Isak, with some posts on social media suggesting he has been spotted in London recently. Brighton are considering a late move for QPR striker Lyndon Dykes, 90min understands. The Scotland international is also attracting interest from Premier League scrappers Newcastle and Burnley. You can read more on that story here. Tino Anjorin is closing in on a loan move from Chelsea to Huddersfield, according to football.london. The 20-year-old spent the first half of the season with Lokomotiv Moscow and Southampton have been linked with a permanent move. Things are certain to heat up throughout Sunday and into Monday, but which deals are edging closer? It's looking like Spurs will bring in Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur, while Everton's loan move for Donny van de Beek is expected to go through. Dan Burn is on his way to Newcastle and, being a native of that area, it's hard to see that one not going through. The Magpies will also announce the transfer of Bruno Guimaraes soon, too. Elsewhere, the future of Ousmane Dembele still needs deciding, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may move somewhere on loan from Arsenal. Former West Ham forward Jordan Hugill has joined Cardiff on loan. He had spent the first half of the 2021/22 campaign with West Brom, but parent club Norwich have now confirmed the 29-year-old has moved to Wales. Tottenham have already put the finishing touches on the Dejan Kulusevski deal, and now both Fabrizio Romano and Romeo Agresti say Rodrigo Bentancur will be joining the Swede in north London. It's been a frustrating month for Spurs but it looks like they will get the reinforcements Antonio Conte asked for. We have completed the signing of Luis Diaz from FC Porto, subject to the successful granting of a work permit and international clearance       ?  #VamosLuis We've got our first big deal of the day confirmed!  Liverpool have brought in Luis Diaz, who has signed a long term contract after doing a medical and finalising personal terms. The Colombia international will link up with the squad once he's back from international duty and will wear the number 23 shirt.  Newcastle have agreed a fee of  £13m with Brighton for defender Dan Burn. The 29-year-old is now travelling up north to get the deal done, according to Sky Sports' Keith Downie. Donny van de Beek has agreed to join Everton on loan on loan, 90min understands. The Netherlands international hasn't had a chance at United and the move away from Old Trafford will do him some good. Bournemouth and Norwich are in talks over a loan deal for Todd Cantwell, according to The Telegraph's John Percy. Cantwell hasn't been a regular in the Canaries' starting XI this season and could instead help the Cherries secure promotion back to the Premier League. Newcastle will allow goalkeeper Freddie Woodman to leave on loan, with Bournemouth one of the sides interested. The Athletic say the Magpies want to open up a spot in their Premier League squad and Woodman wants regular football, so the 24-year-old can go if the right offer comes in. Spurs have been hoping to shift Tanguy Ndombele this month and it looks like he'll be heading back to former club Lyon on loan. Bruno Guimaraes is set to leave for Newcastle, so the Ligue 1 side need a replacement. Ndombele might be that guy, according to Telefoot's Julien Maynard. Arsenal have rejected another bid from Crystal Palace for striker Eddie Nketiah, 90min can confirm. The young forward wants to leave due to a lack of game time, though Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is eager to keep him at the Emirates. Newcastle and West Ham are also interested. You can read more on that story at the top of the blog. Say the line, Fabrizio! The deal to take Dejan Kulusevski from Juventus to Tottenham has all but been concluded. It's a loan with a buy option dependant on Champions League qualification and a certain number of appearances. It's around    40m. Elsewhere, Bryan Gil - only signed in the summer - is in Spain for his medical with Valencia. Julian Alvarez has completed a move to Manchester City, according to River Plate president Jorge Brito. He said:    We   ve a full agreement with Manchester City to sell Julian. The deal is done." He'll go back to River on loan until July. With Rodrigo Bentancur being eyed by Spurs, Juventus will need another central midfielder. Denis Zakaria is their chosen target, with La Gazzetta dello Sport claiming a    5m deal has been struck with Borussia Monchengladbach. The Swiss midfielder will sign a four-and-a-half year contract with the Italian giants. Luis Diaz has completed the first part of his Liverpool medical, reports Fabrizio Romano. The Colombian is expected to sign a contract which will run until 2027, giving the Reds increased attacking firepower. Wout Weghorst is expected to undergo a medical ahead of his  £12m move to Burnley, The Daily Mail report. Chris Wood left for Newcastle earlier this month, leaving the Clarets short on goals. However, standing at 6'6, you can imagine Weghorst causing some mayhem up front for Sean Dyche. You cannot help but feel sorry for Donny van de Beek. He was signed by Man Utd for big bucks in 2020 and has done absolutely nothing. Neither Ole Gunnar Solskjaer nor Ralf Rangnick have given him an extended run in the starting XI. Thankfully for the Netherlands international, United have now approved his departure on loan, 90min exclusively reported on Saturday. The Red Devils just need to have their demands met by any approaching club - Crystal Palace, Arsenal and Everton have all declared their interest. Premier League champions Manchester City will listen to offers for Raheem Sterling in the summer if the two parties cannot agree a new contract. Sterling's deal runs out in 2023 and he has been linked with moves all over Europe. 90min told you of West Ham's interest in Raphinha, and now The Sun on Sunday claim they also want Leeds midfielder Kalvin Phillips. They report a  £50m bid has been made by the Hammers for the England international. Our first story of the day is for Tottenham. The club are confident of signing Juventus pair Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur, 90min understands. Having seen approaches for Adama Traore and Luis Diaz go south this month, two signings would be really handy for Antonio Conte.