Real Madrid are thought to be keeping tabs on Tottenham and England talisman Harry Kane in their hunt for a top new forward this summer. Kane has returned to his very best form this season after injuries limited him in each of the last two, and has scored 17 goals in addition to 13 assists in the Premier League alone. He has 27 goals in all competitions and is on course to go over 30 for the first time since the 2017/18 campaign. Real   s primary target is long thought to have been Kylian Mbappe, who will soon make a decision over whether he wants to commit his future to PSG with a new long-term contract or seek a transfer, with his current deal in the French capital due to expire in 2022. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) Los Blancos have been enamoured with the 22-year-old since he was a teenager at Monaco. Erling Haaland has come into the picture more recently, with the Norwegian   s phenomenal strike rate     49 goals in 49 appearances since joining Borussia Dortmund 15 months ago     impossible to ignore. There has recently been an increased feeling that Haaland could be ready to move on again so soon, although competition for his signature is likely to be fierce. Manchester City and Chelsea are both very interested in the 20-year-old, with Manchester United also potentially back on the scene. Having options is going to be important for Real in the market and Cadena SER explains that Kane remains on the Bernabeu radar. The Spanish outlet even alleges that the England captain, who is yet to win a trophy in his career, is    looking for a way out    of the club. A reluctant Spurs would be expected to command a huge fee for Kane as he still has three years left on his current contract until 2024. But with the transfer market in general continuing to move away from inflated fees for established stars that may only offer short-term gain, landing a player who will be 28 before the start of next season for a nine-figure sum could be financially unwise. Real paid    100m for a 28-year-old Eden Hazard in 2019 and have been badly burned.