In the summer of 2023, the Saudi Pro League is determined to make a giant splash worldwide. Elite level football has historically had its roots in Europe thanks to the dominance of the Premier League, La Liga and Serie A, but Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund means unrivalled sums of cash are being used to prise players away from Europe like Major League Soccer and the Chinese Super League did before. PIF is also the majority owner at Newcastle. The sovereign wealth fund is now pumping money into Al Ahli, Al Ittihad, Al Hilal and Al Nassr with the aim of attracting more star names to make the move and subsequently boost the international stature of the league. Given how quickly these clubs are moving, here's a look at the players who have already made the move to the Saudi Pro League following PIF's new control of Al Ahli, Al Ittihad, Al Hilal and Al Nassr. Certainly the biggest name to head to Saudi Arabia so far this summer, Karim Benzema is the profile of player you would expect to make this move. Now 35 years old, the former France international is within his rights to welcome a change of pace even if he still scored 31 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid last season. With his contract expiring, Benzema chose to join Al Ittihad on a three-year deal. The Frenchman is expected to earn a frightening  £172m per year, whereas his Real terms netted him only  £14.5m a year. Another big name who will be at Al Ittihad next season is N'Golo Kante. The French midfielder will join compatriot Benzema after leaving Chelsea. After speculation over his future, Kante chose Al Ittihad despite only being 31 and seemingly having more to achieve in Europe. Through the course of his four-year deal with the Saudi Pro League team Kante is expected to earn  £21.5m per season. It's not exactly Benzema's level, but it's a big raise on the rough  £15m Chelsea were paying him each year. If you're not a fan of these deals taking place, this is the most 'concerning' one.  Ruben Neves joined Al Hilal for a fee of around  £45m and is comfortably in his prime at only 26 years old. Reports suggest Neves is set to be paid  £300,000 a week in Saudi Arabia, which will not be taxed. An English side would need to pay him  £600,000 if they were to match his take-home pay. There have been reports suggesting Neves could be loaned to Newcastle in the future, which would add more than a degree of seediness to the whole affair. Of course, 'PIF signings' does not just mean teams from the Saudi Pro League. Newcastle have swiped one of the best young midfielders in the world away from AC Milan after their bid of around    70m was accepted pretty quickly. There was a general feeling Tonali could have spent the rest of his career at Milan, but that will not be the case. His move suggests Newcastle are able to pluck players from anywhere now, even clubs with the history and stature of Milan. Once revered as one of the best defenders in Europe, Kalidou Koulibaly jumped ship from Napoli for his big-money move to Chelsea at the wrong time. Napoli won the Serie A title while the Blues came 12th in the Premier League. Al Hilal have swooped in, adding to their ranks with the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations winner. Edouard Mendy looked like one of the bargains of the century when he played a starring role in Chelsea's 2021 Champions League success. That triumph more than compensates for his dramatic loss of form since, with error-prone Kepa Arrizabalaga seen as the more secure bet for Mauricio Pochettino. Mendy has completed a move to Al Ahli. Marcelo Brozovic's last game for Inter ended up being the Champions League final defeat to Manchester City. The Croatia international has achieved plenty in the game, winning Serie A alongside some domestic trophies. Al Nassr have bolstered their squad which finished second last season by welcoming Brozovic to Riyadh. Roberto Firmino stuck it out during the tough early spells of his Liverpool career to become an all-time legend at Anfield. The Brazilian formed a wonderful partnership with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane but was a victim of the Reds' need for a rebuild, not getting an extension on his contract. Al Ahli subsequently picked the forward up on a free transfer. Jota was name-dropped by Cristiano Ronaldo recently as an example of the Saudi Pro League's appeal due to his and compatriot Ruben Neves' relative youth. The former Portugal youth international spent two successful seasons with Celtic, often turning up on the biggest occasions, and will hope for more grandstand moments over in the Middle East. Lens finished second in Ligue 1 last season to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2002/03, when they came third in a group containing AC Milan, Deportivo La Coruna and Bayern Munich. It wasn't enough to keep club captain Seko Fofana around, the midfielder departing for Al Nassr, though Lens have taken the step of making Fofana a stakeholder at the club in a show of respect. Perennially linked with Europe's top clubs - most frequently and laboriously Manchester United - Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has everything a dynamic midfielder needs to succeed at one of the biggest teams in the world.