Tottenham are ready to bring in fresh faces in the January transfer window to reinforce Antonio Conte's squad, with plans drawn up to sign a right wing-back and backup forward, 90min understands. Spurs have made a decent start to the 2022/23 season but their form has slipped in recent weeks, with performances dipping amid a packed fixture schedule and several key players picking up injuries. Conte brought in six signings in the summer but has continually insisted that it will take a few more windows before Tottenham will be capable of challenging for top honours. 90min understands that the club are ready to overhaul their options at right wing-back - a position that Conte has been criticised with his handling of so far this season. Djed Spence, who has been on the periphery of the squad since signing from Middlesbrough in the summer, is expected to be loaned out, while Spurs will be happy to sell one of either Emerson Royal or Matt Doherty. Tottenham have been keeping an eye on former player Kyle Walker-Peters, who has been at Southampton since 2020 and has since made two senior appearances for England. Norwich's Max Aarons is also being monitored, while Spurs are considering returning for a couple of makeshift targets they wanted back in the summer. Spain winger Adama Traore has been a target of theirs for the last three transfer windows though no move has ever materialised. But with his contract up at the end of the season, Wolves could be prepared to part ways in order to bring in a transfer fee. Roma playmaker Nicolo Zaniolo was also viewed as a potential player who could be converted to wing-back by Conte, who has previously suggested he wants more attacking profiles to fit the role. However, Tottenham hold major reservations over his poor fitness record. With Son Heung-min, Dejan Kulusevski and Richarlison all picking up injuries so far this season, 90min understands Spurs would also like to bring in another attacking option in January. As reported by 90min earlier this week, Tottenham are among several Premier League sides looking at Blackburn Rovers striker Ben Brereton Diaz, whose deal at Ewood Park is up in the summer. In-form Bayern Munich forward Eric-Maxim Choupo Moting, who has been linked with Manchester United, is also on Spurs' list of potential options.