Tottenham are 'ready to satisfy' the wage demands of Serbian defender Nikola Maksimovic, who looks set for a transfer away from Napoli this month.  The 29-year-old centre-back has entered the final six months of his contract and has struggled for minutes in Naples this season. He was a regular in their Europa League group campaign but has managed just seven Serie A appearances, largely playing third fiddle to Kostas Manolas and Kalidou Koulibaly.  It's understood that the Italian side are open to selling him now in order to avoid losing him for free in the summer, and Spurs recently emerged as a contender. Those links have taken another step forward, as Italian journalist Gianluigi Longari dropped their name into the frame when discussing potential moves away for Maksimovic and full-back Elseid Hysaj.  Longari told Il Napoli Online:    About Hysaj I have more hope, while I believe that Maksimovic will go away. On him, there are many teams ready to satisfy him even at an economic level, including Tottenham."  Longari's update is ambiguous in that it doesn't clarify whether Spurs plan to sign him this month, or are in talks over a pre-contract deal ahead of next season.  Longari seems to believe he will be leaving this month, but a pre-contract may make more sense from a Tottenham perspective - Napoli's reported demands of  £13.5m seem steep for a centre-back approaching 30 with six months to go on his deal.  With several other clubs in the frame, though, it may come down to what the player would prefer. He has been tight-lipped over his future and there has been nothing to suggest he will force through a move prematurely, but with the prospect of limited football between now and the end of the season, he may favour a move to a team willing to sign him now, rather than leave things to chance.  He has also been linked with a move to Liverpool, though Jurgen Klopp has been keen to pour cold water on suggestions they will do any business this month, even though they are in dire need of defensive reinforcements.  ? Best pass success rate in Serie A this season (5+ apps)? Merih Demiral - 95.9%? Marlon Santos - 95.4%? ?????? ?????????? - ??.?%?    Liverpool are reportedly keeping tabs on Napoli centre-back Maksimovic... pic.twitter.com/yQ4G6LUoqV