90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are fearful of missing out on Tottenham striker Harry Kane. The 29-year-old will have just a year remaining on his contract after this season concludes but Spurs are trying to persuade him to sign a new deal and will not be able to negotiate with. (Mirror) Chelsea will welcome Romelu Lukaku back to the club this summer ahead of a potential return to the first team fold under Mauricio Pochettino. (Standard) Pochettino will also urge Chelsea to reignite new contract talks with Mason Mount, who is a long-term target of Liverpool. (Standard) Barcelona's priority target to replace the departing Sergio Busquets is Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, who starred for Morocco at the World Cup. (Sport) Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio, who is yet to commit to a new contract, has emerged as a shock target for Aston Villa. (The Athletic) Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic would prefer to join Arsenal over a move to either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich. (Fichajes) Manchester United could move for Everton goalkeeper Jordan Pickford if David de Gea doesn't put pen to paper on a new contract. (Mirror) feed Liverpool target Manuel Ugarte is very likely to leave Sporting CP this summer, his agent says, but talks are underway over a move to Aston Villa. (O Jogo/Football Transfers) Paris Saint-Germain are ready to step up their bid to take Moussa Diaby back to the French capital from Bayer Leverkusen. Newcastle are also interested in the  £60m-rated winger. (Sport BILD) United are also tracking Aston Villa stopper Emiliano Martinez, with Chelsea and Tottenham considering bids for the Argentine World Cup winner. (TyC Sports) Chelsea may back away from pursuing Napoli striker Victor Osimhen because they believe a deal will be too difficult to pull off. (Football Insider) Bayern Munich's Noussair Mazraoui is a potential target for Real Madrid as the 14-time Champions League winners look to provide competition for Dani Carvajal at right-back. (Fichajes) West Ham, Fulham, Brighton, and AC Milan are all interested in signing Reiss Nelson on a free transfer from Arsenal. (Standard)