Only an imperious and vintage run from one of the Premier League's all-time great teams prevented Arsenal from lifting their first Premier League title in 19 years. A four-game winless run in April followed by back-to-back defeats in May allowed Manchester City to eventually waltz to their third-straight title after the Gunners had led the way for so long. Nevertheless, victory over Wolves on the final day ensured Mikel Arteta's exuberant outfit finished with their highest points tally since the Invincibles. Arteta's project is on the right track, that's for sure, but the club's stellar campaign will only raise expectations moving forward. Title challenges should become the norm, but only a huge summer transfer window will allow them to compete with City at the top next season. Here are the key positions Arsenal must strengthen ahead of the 2023/24 season and the players they've been linked with thus far. Arsenal's strongest XI doesn't need much bolstering, but the impending exit of Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey's drop in form means the Gunners are aiming to sign at least two midfielders this summer. One must be capable of operating on the left side of Arteta's midfield three and adept at receiving possession between the lines in a more advanced role. The other, meanwhile, must take on the demanding holding midfield function. Although, Arteta took steps to ease the burden on his number six in possession by utilising Oleksandr Zinchenko as an inverted full-back.  Arsenal will then look to strengthen their depth chart both out wide and in defence. Greater competition for Bukayo Saka is required, as is superior depth behind William Saliba. The Gunners could sign a right-back which would allow either Ben White or Takehiro Tomiyasu to play centrally when required, or sign an outright backup for Saliba. A new left-back will also be needed should Kieran Tierney be sold. Nuno Tavares is unlikely to be on the club's books next season. Arsenal's priority midfield target is Declan Rice and the club will make a move for the England international after he leads West Ham out in the Europa Conference League final against Fiorentina. However, the Gunners face stiff competition from the likes of Manchester United, Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Man City for his signature, according to 90min. Moises Caicedo is also high on Arsenal's list of midfield targets, with 90min reporting Brighton are ready to listen to offers for the Ecuadorian. The Seagulls recently parted with Alexis Mac Allister for a meagre  £35m and they're unlikely to be so generous when it comes to Caicedo. The Gunners are also keen on signing Man City pair Ilkay Gundogan and Joao Cancelo. Gundogan, who's a free agent this summer, has several options at his disposal and could yet extend his contract with the Cityzens. Cancelo, who spent the second half of the season on loan at Bayern, will return to City and 90min understands Arsenal along with Bayern and Barcelona are keen on signing the versatile full-back.  City, however, will not want to sell to the Gunners after letting Gabriel Jesus and Zinchenko fall into their lap last summer. A surprise name to keep an eye on in the coming weeks is former Barcelona flop Malcom. The Brazilian enjoyed a remarkable season with Zenit and has attracted plenty of interest from top European clubs. 90min believe Arsenal are one of the teams keen on signing the winger. feed With Aaron Ramsdale signing a new long-term extension and Matt Turner proving his worth as a number two, Arsenal are unlikely to make any alterations to their goalkeeper depth chart this summer.  Player Position Team Potential fee Marc Guehi CB Crystal Palace  £40m Ivan Fresneda RB Real Valladolid  £17.5m Sacha Boey RB Galatasaray  £22m Joao Cancelo RB/LB Man City  £40m Fikayo Tomori CB Milan  £55m Player Position Team Potential fee Declan Rice DM/CM West Ham  £110m Moises Caicedo DM/CM Brighton  £90m Mason Mount AM/CM Chelsea  £50m Youri Tielemans CM Leicester Free Ilkay Gundogan CM/DM Man City Free Xavi Simons AM PSV  £35m Player Position Team Potential fee Moussa Diaby RW Bayer Leverkusen  £70m Marcos Leonardo ST Santos  £25m Dusan Vlahovic ST Juventus  £70m Raphinha RW Barcelona  £85m Ferran Torres RW/CF Barcelona  £40m Malcom RW Zenit  £35m