Sergio Ramos 'has said goodbye' to Real Madrid ahead of a now inevitable free transfer this summer, according to one reports in Spain. The 35-year-old has played for the Madrid giants since 2005 and has won it all. In almost 700 appearances, he's lifted five La Liga titles and four Champions Leagues, and is hoping to add one more of each before the season is out.  Any trophies Ramos gets his hands on this season, however, may be his last in Madrid. He's out of contract in the summer, and while it was previously reported that an agreement was close, doubts have crept in since the turn of the year.  Happy birthday to a man who has done it all. One of the best defenders the game has seen.At 35, Sergio Ramos is still wanted by the biggest clubs in the world. ? pic.twitter.com/oIZw9ubaWZ ABC claimed in February that Real had set him a March deadline for signing a new contract, which included a two-year extension and a 10% pay cut. If that was the offer, though, it seems to have left Ramos bemused.  El Chiringuito's Josep Pedrerol claims that things went south after Ramos sat down with Florentino Perez following their win over Atalanta last month. ? EXCLUSIVA de @jpedrerol ?    "Cuando RAMOS rechaz   la oferta del R. MADRID..., ?    FLORENTINO le dijo: 'Tendremos que PLANIFICAR la temporada SIN TI...'? Y RAMOS le contest  : 'HACEDLO'". #ChiringuitoRamos pic.twitter.com/97r8bwkhg8 They say that Ramos told the president that he 'wasn't interested' in the terms of the new deal, and was subsequently told that if he didn't sign, they would have to plan ahead without him for the 2021/22 campaign. In response, it is claimed that Ramos then told Perez to go ahead.  Pedrerol's dramatic claim ends by proclaiming that with this latest exchange Ramos has already 'said goodbye' to Real Madrid.  It will be a sad end to his career in the Spanish capital if the club captain does walk away for free, but he can have few regrets if he does. He scored his 100th goal for Los Blancos earlier this season, and will be remembered as one of their all-time greats.    VAAAAMOOOOSSSS, EQUIPO!   En semis!#HalaMadrid https://t.co/gpj8clVn47