90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Neymar is willing to sanction a move to the Saudi Pro League this summer, but only on the condition he is allowed to spend the 2023/24 season on loan at Barcelona. (SPORT) PSG believe Kylian Mbappe will earn    160m ( £137.6m) from a sign-on fee if he joins Real Madrid on a free transfer next summer and so have set his price tag this window at a similar figure. (CaughtOffside) Harry Maguire has indicated he is happy to join West Ham if they agree a fee with Manchester United. The Hammers have seen a  £30m bid for the defender knocked back by the Red Devils, with Scott McTominay also a target. (Evening Standard) In the event that Maguire leaves, Manchester United will step up interest in Nice centre-back Jean-Clair Todibo, who was once on the books at Barcelona. (RMC Sport) David Raya will undergo a medical at Arsenal after the Gunners agreed a  £30m fee with Brentford. (Fabrizio Romano) Brighton CEO Paul Barber has admitted interest from Chelsea has unsettled Moises Caicedo amid reports the midfielder is skipping training to force through a move to Stamford Bridge. (Sky Sports) manual While Chelsea also have an interest in Romeo Lavia, Liverpool are not worried that their proposed move for the Belgium international will be hijacked. The 19-year-old was left out of the Southampton squad which lost to Gillingham in the Carabao Cup on Tuesday night. (Daily Express) Tottenham are 'resigned' to losing Harry Kane after Bayern Munich signalled they are willing to up their bid to  £94.6m (   110m). Spurs would use this money to bring in a new striker as well as stock up in midfield and at centre-back. (The Times) In their search for a new goalkeeper, Bayern Munich have added Chelsea's Kepa Arrizabalaga to their shortlist. The Spaniard has previously worked under Thomas Tuchel. (SPORT1) Manchester City are set to have a  £70m bid for Lucas Paqueta rejected by West Ham, with the treble-winners now keen to add the Brazil international to their ranks. (Ge Globo)