Nottingham Forest are in talks with Manchester United over a potential permanent transfer for goalkeeper Dean Henderson, 90min understands. Henderson spent the 2022/23 campaign on loan with Forest, which saw the club survive in the Premier League in their first top flight season for 23 years. The 26-year-old had previously earned a reputation as a top Premier League goalkeeper during time on loan with Sheffield United. But he was unable to displace David de Gea at Old Trafford when that spell came to an end, despite signing a bumper long-term contract in 2020. Henderson was a regular starter for Forest in the first half of his loan at the City Ground, only for a thigh injury in January to rule him out for several months. At that point, the club drafted in three-time Champions League winner Keylor Navas for the rest of the season. 90min understands that Forest had been waiting to see whether re-signing Navas would be viable. But the 36-year-old Costa Rican is set to have numerous offers to choose from amid interest from clubs in Europe, the Middle East, MLS and South America. feed Henderson has equally been waiting on the Navas situation as it is important to him to be a regular starter, rather than risk being a back-up. 90min understands that while talks between the clubs are not at an advanced stage, contact has been made and conversations are happening. Cumbria-born Henderson was 14 when he recruited by Manchester United after four years in the youth ranks at local club Carlisle. His first taste of senior football came during a loan with Stockport County shortly before turning 19, with further loans at Grimsby and Shrewsbury to follow. But it was when the goalkeeper was loaned to Sheffield United in the summer of 2018, still only 21 at the time, that his real opportunity came. Over two seasons, Henderson was a key part of the Blades team that earned promotion to the Premier League and then finished ninth in the top flight. Henderson returned to Manchester and played 26 times for his parent club across all competitions during the 2020/21 season, including an extended run ahead of De Gea in the Premier League. But he couldn't make it stick and fell almost completely out of favour in 2021/22.