Rennes midfielder Eduardo Camavinga is poised to reject the club's latest offer of a new contract, paving a way for an imminent exit from Roazhon Park. The 18-year-old has been billed as one of the most exciting young midfielders around, with the likes of Real Madrid, Manchester United and Chelsea often linked with moves for Camavinga. If any suitor wants him, this might be the time to move as The Athletic note Camavinga is ready to snub a new contract and move on from Rennes, who could be forced to sell this summer before his deal expires in 2022. Already a senior France international, Camavinga has been frustrated with Rennes' performances this season. They currently sit seventh in Ligue 1 and are facing an uphill battle to qualify for the Europa League, let alone the Champions League. Camavinga believes he is ready for regular high-level football. His agent, Jonathan Barnett, recently insisted that the teenager was the best in his age group in the world, adding:    Camavinga can play next year in the Premier League. He is that good. Whether he will or not, I don   t know." ?? Eduardo Camavinga ?? Happy 18th birthday to the French star ?#HBD | @FrenchTeam | @ecama10 pic.twitter.com/5yDAv9vohX Another concern for Camavinga is Rennes' desire to insert a high buyout clause in any new deal. He feels such an agreement would limit his options for the future and, as it stands, has no desire to agree to such terms. It seems as though Camavinga could be heading for the exit door, but whether Rennes will take the gamble of keeping him for next season in the hope that he eventually agrees to fresh terms remains to be seen. There will likely be plenty of offers on Rennes' table this summer. Real and United have long been linked with Camavinga, while AS threw Chelsea's name into the ring last month, and there could be even more suitors if Rennes agree to sell for a discounted fee. A fee of under  £40m has been suggested, and even in a COVID-hit world, that feels like a bargain for a player who is widely seen as one of the standout young talents in world football.