Marco Asensio has enjoyed a glittering career at Real Madrid, winning three Champions League crowns in addition to three La Liga titles. But life in the Spanish capital hasn't all been plain sailing for Asensio, who has struggled to command a regular place in the side and was also sidelined for most of the 2019/20 season with an anterior cruciate ligament tear. The 27-year-old has been a bit-part player under Carlo Ancelotti during 2022/23, despite notching 12 goals in all competitions, and speculation is rife that Asensio could be moving on when his contract expires this summer. Here's 90min's list of potential destinations for Asensio should he decide it's time to call it quits at Real. feed One of Asensio's most likely destinations is Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain, who are primed for a makeover up front as they prepare for life after Lionel Messi. Messi aside, PSG still boast two of the biggest names in world football - Kylian Mbappe and Neymar - and remain laser focused on conquering Europe and winning a maiden Champions League crown. Asensio has experience of doing that, which is something that PSG may consider while they weigh up whether to offer the Spaniard a contract or not. Asensio has never played a starring role at Real, but he's a supremely gifted footballer that has scored some crucial goals when the pressure is really on. Whether he fits into their current Christophe Galtier-led system is another matter, but the coach may not even be in the Parc des Princes dugout come next season. One of the Premier League's surprise packages this term, Aston Villa are eyeing ambitious summer transfer targets as they look to provide Unai Emery with the ammunition he needs to push on. Villa have previous of signing big name players, namely Philippe Coutinho - though the less said about his permanent switch to the Midlands, the better. Nevertheless, with Emery in charge, Villa have the ability to attract a calibre of player that was previously unattainable, and Asensio may be lured by the opportunity of playing in the Premier League under the Spaniard. Arsenal's desire to strengthen their squad is clear; you only need to listen to the words of manager Mikel Arteta and sporting director Edu to understand that. 90min understands that signing a new right winger to complement Bukayo Saka is high on the club's priority list, and they have been sounded out about taking Asensio to the Emirates Stadium. There is interest, given the possibility of signing a top class international for free, but there's no guarantee the switch would provide Asensio with the minutes he craves. Nonetheless, his arrival could release Saka to play in-field alongside Martin Odegaard, allowing Arteta the option to evolve his side and flex his formations depending on the calibre of opponent being faced. There's also the chance for Asensio to work under one of the Premier League's brightest young coaches. Luis Figo, Ronaldo and Michael Laudrup all have one extremely rare thing in common. Playing for Real Madrid and fierce rivals Barcelona. The Catalan giants have plenty of irons in the fire this summer, namely looking to lure Lionel Messi back to the club from Paris Saint-Germain. But the idea of Asensio drifting across to Camp Nou is one that was floated towards the back end of 2022, with the Spaniard doing little to dampen the speculation. Indeed, Asensio actually stoked the fire and discussed the possibility of joining Barcelona in the summer, only to retract his comments and claim that he'd been 'misinterpreted'. He couldn't, could he? Manchester United are another Premier League side whose ears have pricked up at the news of Asensio being available on a free, and it's easy to see why Erik ten Hag may be tempted. Antony is coming towards the end of a relatively slow first season in Manchester, as he looks to juggle the pressure that comes with being a near  £100m signing. The Brazilian has shown glimpses of what he's capable of and there's high hopes that his best form is still to come. Still, the one burden on Antony's shoulders this season has been Ten Hag's inability to rotate. He lacks the depth in his squad to rest the 23-year-old and that's where Asensio could, in theory, come into the fold. Left-footed, technically gifted and with a sharp turn of pace, he's exactly the profile of inside forward that the Dutchman tends to like. Asensio isn't likely to come cheap though, with his hefty wages more than making up for the lack of a transfer fee. Still, he could follow in the footsteps of Raphael Varane and Casemiro by switching sunny Spain for a mild Manchester. Hoping their 2021/22 Serie A title will lure Asensio to Italy's capital, AC Milan would welcome the Mallorcan winger with open arms.