Happy new year everyone! It might not be quite as comfortable as last year but Liverpool have made it through Christmas and new year at top of the Premier League table and remain favourites to retain their title. That continued on-field success coupled with the financial implications of the pandemic mean there's not an awful lot to do in January, right? Well, there's still a few ends to tie up heading into 2021... Gini Wijanldum's future has been the one loose thread in an otherwise meticulously woven squad planning strategy at Anfield in recent times.While some reports claim there is still hope that the 30-year-old will sign new terms to take his tenure at Liverpool beyond the summer, time is running out.The Dutchman continues to be one of Jurgen Klopp's most trusted performers and dressing room leaders. In the midst of an unprecedented injury crisis, his importance has never been more apparent.Just give him what he wants. "Yeah jeez my phone's been hoppin'" ?Caoimh  n Kelleher with a night he will never forget ?? @TheDesKelly pic.twitter.com/oeHauTigod 22-year-old Caoimhin Kelleher has leapfrogged Adrian to become Liverpool's number two this season, impressing in the absence of Alisson with some assured displays.The young Irishman - who started off as a striker at junior level - has a contract at Anfield that expires in 2022 and the sooner he is tied down to a new long-term deal the better.It's the least he can do now we've all learned how to say his name. Fabinho and Joel Matip have proven themselves as good as any Premier League pairing at the back in the absence of Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez. Meanwhile, Rhys Williams, Nat Phillips and Billy Koumetio have impressed more than they had any right to when called upon.Still, if Liverpool can secure a deal for a quality, specialist option to bolster their options, then they'll be all the better for it going into 2021.22-year-old Dayot Upamecano (above right) has been mentioned and a relatively low release clause will supposedly come into effect in the summer.Names like Ozan Kabak, Pau Torres and Ben White have all been linked too but doing big deals in January is notoriously difficult. While Rhys Williams and Nat Phillips have been handed chances in this most unusual of seasons, 2019 season signing Sepp van den Berg has not.Though still young, the 19-year-old does not appear to be particularly close to the first-team (even with all the injuries in defence) and may benefit from a loan spell either domestically or abroad, as Williams and Phillips both did. How   s Harvey Elliott getting on you ask... pic.twitter.com/11FT3dWqkj Harvey Elliott is absolutely ripping it up in the Championship.The 17-year-old has four goals (including the above) and four assists in 14 appearances for playoff hopefuls Blackburn Rovers.The Premier League's youngest ever player looks destined for the top and there is talk that his loan deal could even be cut short to compensate for Diogo Jota and the other injuries.It's an exciting prospect... Divock Origi will remain eternal; his name engraved into Liverpool folklore for generations to come... However, his time as a first-team player is coming to an end.The Belgian doesn't really seem to fit into Klopp's system, while he seems to have run out of aces (in the form of crucial goals) up his sleeves.Sentimentality aside, Origi is the obvious option to sell for the purpose of boosting the coffers in January. Wolves have been mentioned.Sorry everyone. Sorry 2019 me. Much like Thiago Alcantara before him, David Alaba's Bayern Munich contract is winding down and his time in Bavaria seems to be up.As of 1 January first, the Austrian will be free to sign a pre-contract deal ahead of summer 2021 with any foreign club.There are few operators more versatile, experienced or talented. If the funds are there, it's a no-brainer, isn't it?Chelsea, Barcelona, Real Madrid and PSG have all been linked too. Most Bundesliga goals at 17 years of age ?Kai Havertz - 4 Timo Werner - 4Jamal Musiala - 3 (and counting) ???????    pic.twitter.com/U2NfxYKH9S