Tottenham have agreed personal terms with Israel international winger Manor Solomon but face checks from authorities before a free transfer from Shakhtar Donetsk can be finalised. Solomon spent last season on loan at Fulham, who had an option to purchase the forward whose contract in Ukraine is due to expire in December this year. 90min understands terms have been agreed between Spurs and the 23-year-old, but Shakhtar are pushing for the transfer not to be sanctioned. Annex 7 of the Regulations on the Status and Transfer of Players under FIFA law allows players under contract with Ukrainian teams to suspend their deals and move elsewhere. Solomon will hope to sign for free in north London now, but Shakhtar chief executive Sergei Palkin has previously confirmed his club will take potential suitors to court over the transfer. He told ESPN: "Finally, where he will go, I don't know. In any case, if you go to Tottenham, we will deal with Tottenham in court in this case. Everything comes to a simple situation: it sounds like unjust enrichment. "Can you imagine, we pay big money for this player and finally Tottenham receives him for free? It is not fair in respect of our club. We will definitely go to court and we will fight for ourselves. feed "I would like to send a message to those clubs who are trying to sign our players without paying a transfer fee: Shakhtar will file claims for unjust enrichment against players or clubs who have enriched themselves and benefitted by obtaining a financial advantage. "We believe these clubs who enrich themselves at Shakhtar's expense will be obliged to pay restitutions. Those clubs should understand what they do when they decide to sign our players." Solomon suffered a long-term knee injury at the start of the 2022/23 season and didn't make another competitive appearance for the Cottages until January. He then scored in five straight games from the start of February to early March in clashes against Nottingham Forest, Brighton, Wolves, Leeds and Brentford. Solomon has also played 35 times for Israel, scoring seven goals.