Borussia Dortmund's ability to bounce back from the sale of their star players is well known.  The latest BVB star to fly off the conveyor belt is Jadon Sancho, with the forward sealing a long-anticipated  £73m move to Manchester United recently.  He leaves with Dortmund in their weakest position in some time, albeit with a potentially exciting future to look forward to under former Borussia Monchengladbach boss Marco Rose.  A full rebuild will not be possible with the Sancho money, but it should allow BVB to address some of their inadequacies, as well as find the next big thing that they can sell on to a European giant in a few years time. Here are some of the players they should consider targeting... There are obvious comparisons to be made between Noni Madueke and Sancho. Both left Premier League clubs at an early age to aid their development abroad, both like to operate in a right forward berth and both have been tipped for superstardom. Since moving to PSV Eindhoven, Madueke has cemented his reputation as a top talent. He took things to a new level last term, registering seven goals and six assists in just 24 Eredivisie games. Dortmund is the perfect place for the 19-year-old to take the next step in his career. As he's English, he can also be sold on for a mouthwatering profit in the not-so-distant future.  For now, Dortmund seem fairly settled up front. They have one of the best strikers in the world in Erling Haaland after all. However, it is only a matter of time before Haaland depart for bigger things. It makes sense that they recruit his replacement sooner rather than later. Donyell Malen may not be a like-for-like switch but he has the potential to be prolific in the Bundesliga. A technically proficient operator who possesses devastating pace, he would clean up against the league's high-line defences. Last season he managed 27 goals and 10 assists in all competitions and at just 22 he has plenty of time to improve. His impressive displays at Euro 2020 will have unfortunately increased his price tag but Dortmund are known for negotiating a bargain.  