90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... PSG have made Tottenham striker Harry Kane a priority target this summer as they look to build the team around Kylian Mbappe. (Le Parisien) Liverpool have prepared a contract offer for Mason Mount ahead of a summer bid. The midfielder's deal at Chelsea expires in 2024. (Football Insider) In addition to Mount, Liverpool are also interested in Alexis Mac Allister. The Reds and Manchester United are ahead of Arsenal in the race for the Brighton and Argentina star. (TYC Sports) Kane could be reunited at PSG with former boss Jose Mourinho, who is top of the club's shortlist to replace current manager Christophe Galtier. (RMC Sport) Someone that could be on the way out of PSG is Lionel Messi, with Barcelona players believing that he would like to return to Camp Nou when his contract expires this summer. (Sport) Barcelona directors Mateu Alemany and Jordi Cruyff were at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday to watch over N'Golo Kante, while they are also interested in Chelsea veterans Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Cesar Azpilucueta. (Mundo Deportivo) On the flip side, Chelsea are looking to beat Barcelona to the signing of Brazilian wonderkid Vitor Roque. (Mundo Deportivo) David de Gea is close to agreeing a new contract with Manchester United after months of intense negotiations. The Red Devils will prioritise signing a new star striker this summer, while they are also still interested in Frenkie de Jong and Jude Bellingham. (ESPN) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Eric Bailly will return to Manchester United this summer as Marseille do not want to make his loan deal permanent. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester City removed the  £150m release clause from Erling Haaland's contract after manager Pep Guardiola signed a new deal earlier this season. He had been intensely linked with a future move to Real Madrid. (The Athletic) Tottenham, Newcastle and West Ham are interested in signing James Ward-Prowse, who will be allowed to leave Southampton if they are relegated from the Premier League. (TalkSPORT) LISTEN NOW