Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp was asked about the club's interest in Brighton star Alexis Mac Allister at a press conference on Friday. The Reds have long been tipped to add midfield reinforcements to their squad this summer following a season in which their weaknesses in this area have been greatly exposed. 90min reported earlier on Friday that Liverpool are indeed hoping to sign up to three midfielders in time for the 2023/24 season, with Mac Allister replacing Real Madrid-bound Jude Bellingham atop their shortlist. Liverpool intend to push ahead with a move that could be completed by the end of May. One player who could be making the reverse journey from Anfield to the Amex Stadium is James Milner. Sources have told 90min that Brighton are closing in on a deal for the veteran utility man with his contract up at the end of the season. Klopp was asked about both Milner and Mac Allister on Friday ahead of Liverpool's Premier League clash with Brentford this weekend. "All others things, transfer-wise, you will be the first to be informed if something will happen," Klopp said. "But before then, nothing really to say about it." feed On Milner in particular, Klopp said: "Milly I can say, over the years and months that I had really good conversations with him. He knows how highly I value him. He's an incredible part of this team and I would have loved to have work together with him even longer. "What exactly the outcome will be of his decision, I think Milly will say that at one point. I'm not sure if it happened already or not, I'm not really aware of that. "Nothing else to say from me but nothing will change. I've said it a couple of times, what happened over the past seven and a half years, all the positive things, none of it would happen without James Milner." In addition to Mac Allister, there are a number of other midfielders that Liverpool have their eyes on. 90min understands that the likes of England internationals Mason Mount and James Maddison are on the Reds' radar. Liverpool are believed to be the frontrunners to sign Ryan Gravenberch should he leave Bayern Munich this summer, with the Dutchman asking the German champions to soften their stance over a potential exit. Klopp previously stated that his scouts have eyes on at least 12 midfielders. LISTEN NOW