Exclusive - Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli has asked chairman Daniel Levy not to block a potential move to Paris Saint-Germain this month. PSG were keen to sign Alli during the summer and their interest in the Englishman has only grown following the hiring of Mauricio Pochettino, who turned Alli into one of the game's most-exciting young midfielders during his time with Spurs. Jose Mourinho has concerns over Alli's attitude and effort and has frozen him out as a result, and results without Alli in the team have only strengthened Mourinho's determination to keep the 24-year-old on the fringes. The boss is keen to see Alli leave on loan, and PSG are eager to get a deal over the line, but sources have confirmed to 90min that talks have been held up because of the French side's desire to insert an option to buy in any agreement. Levy does not want to see Alli leave on a permanent basis as he still believes the midfielder has the potential to blossom into one of the world's finest in the position, so his proposal is for Alli to leave on a six-month loan with no option. However, PSG would prefer a long-term deal, ideally 18 months, and they are trying to secure the chance to sign Alli in the summer of 2022. Alli had made it clear to Levy that he wants to be allowed to join Pochettino and PSG as he sees it as a real opportunity to get his career back on track. He has one eye on next summer's European Championships and hopes that a run of good form could earn him a recall to the England squad for the first time since June 2019. Convincing Levy to listen is by no means a certainty, particularly as Monaco, who are currently led by former Spurs transfer guru Paul Mitchell, have made it clear that they are prepared to accept the Spurs chief's demands of a short-term loan with no option to buy. However, Alli has not disguised his desire to join the Ligue 1 champions, who have warned Spurs that they will not be kept waiting until the end of the January transfer window to seal this deal.