Toni Kroos is the latest Real Madrid star to agree to stay in the Spanish capital beyond this summer with an agreement over a new contract all but complete, sources have told 90min. The 33-year-old's current contract was due to expire at the end of the season, but Real Madrid always wanted him to stay and talks over a new deal have now been finalised. Kroos did have other options with big money offers from both North America and the Middle East on the table, but he is staying put in Spain. Sources have told 90min that Kroos has agreed terms on a one-year extension at the Santiago Bernabeu, which will see him into his tenth year with the club having joined from Bayern Munich in 2014. Kroos follows in the footsteps of Karim Benzema in committing for another 12 months as 90min revealed last month, and fellow stalwart Luka Modric is expected to follow suit. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti, who himself looks set to remain for at least another year, has stated that he does not want to be without his three legends next season. "I see the three of them as always. They can have their best and worst moments during a season but that's quite normal," Ancelotti said earlier this year. "We have to evaluate players not by age but by what they actually do and you can think that the three of them don't have the energy of the youngsters but the way they handle games and the experience they have you can't buy in any market in the world. "I think they will continue but we will have to think about when they stop because it will happen. Maybe they don't have the physique of young people, but while age takes away some things, it gives you others." As well as continuing talks with Modric, Real Madrid are also in negotiations with Dani Ceballos and Marco Asensio. Both are out of contract at the end of the season and have options from around Europe to move on free transfers, but Spanish sources believe the most likely scenario will see them both remain at the club. LISTEN NOW