West Ham are readying a bumper new contract for Jarrod Bowen following his call-up to the England squad, 90min understands. The 25-year-old was in blistering form for the Hammers throughout the 2021/22 season, scoring 18 goals and contributing 13 assists in 51 games across all competitions. But Bowen's overall play outside of his impressive statistics was what really caught the eye, and alongside Declan Rice he's now considered to be one of West Ham's most important players. 90min revealed in December that plans to offer Bowen a new contract in 2022 were in the pipeline, and sources have confirmed that the Hammers now recognise the importance of getting a deal done quickly amid growing interest from around the Premier League. Liverpool have long been admirers of Bowen, who has been called up to England's squad for the first time for the June internationals, while 90min reported in April that Premier League moneybags Newcastle were flirting with the idea of tempting him to the north east. Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United have also shown an interest in recent weeks, 90min has learned, pushing West Ham to ready their offer of a bumper long-term extension. Bowen's current deal at London Stadium runs until 2025 - penned when he joined West Ham from Hull on transfer deadline day back in January 2020 - and he revealed to the media while on duty with England just how grateful he is to manager David Moyes for giving him a chance at the top level. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. "He [Moyes] was the one who gave me the opportunity to come to the Premier League in the first place when there   s always question marks about players coming from the Championship, whether they   ll be able to handle the step-up," Bowen said. "He   s managed me really well. This season he   s really got the best out of me and we   ve got a great relationship working together." Bowen also spoke of his pride at being called up for England, though he did admit it will feel surreal to be playing rather than watching on television with his friends. "It is everything," he said. "It is everything you dream of when you're growing up and to get the call, obviously it is an honour and a privilege. "I have a lot of memories of watching England     I   m a football fan and I love football. I love watching my country, so it will be a little bit strange when all my friends are in the pub watching the games and hopefully I   m participating.