Manchester United remain interested in Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot, 90min understands, and lines of communication are open over a potential transfer despite ongoing contract talks with the Turin giants. The 28-year-old has been one of the better performers in Serie A throughout the 2022/23 season, putting in vastly-improved showings for a Juventus side who are now up to second in the table after three successive wins. Rabiot has bagged 11 goals in all competitions for La Vecchia Signora, after failing to score a single goal last season, and has also contributed four assists - form that has played him into contention for a new contract with his current deal up at the end of June. Negotiations have been ongoing with Rabiot's representatives about prolonging his stay at the Allianz Stadium and manager Massimiliano Allegri is understood to be a huge fan of the Frenchman. Notably, Rabiot himself is thought to he happy in Turin and is enjoying his time at the club. Nevertheless, the fact that talks with Rabiot's camp are yet to lead to an agreement has stoked the fire over a potential transfer away from the club. feed 90min revealed in March that Manchester United, Liverpool and Tottenham were keeping tabs on Rabiot's situation and they, alongside Arsenal, are continuing to monitor developments. The quartet believe that signing a player of Rabiot's calibre would represent excellent transfer business - United manager Erik ten Hag is also a known admirer - and would be willing to pounce if Juventus are unable to agree terms over a new deal. Rabiot opened the door to a move in December last year when he said that he'd be interested in moving to the Premier League, but more recently suggested that he could end up staying at Juventus, whom he joined from Paris Saint-Germain in 2019. Indeed, Rabiot opting to move to a different league could adversely affect his chances of getting into France's squad for the 2024 Euros, given the need to acclimatise to the pace and style of English football.