90min  rounds up the latest  Manchester United transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Everton are leading Tottenham and West Ham in the race to sign former Manchester United captain Harry Maguire. The 30-year-old will be allowed to leave Old Trafford if an offer of around  £35m tabled, though his hefty salary could prove to be a stumbling block in negotiations. (Football Insider) United are ready to do battle with Bayern Munich for the signing of Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. The talented Frenchman only moved to the Bernabeu last season but the 14-time Champions League winners are open to sale after prising Jude Bellingham away from Borussia Dortmund. (SPORT) Andreas Christensen is the subject of a surprise  £43m offer from Manchester United. The Barcelona defender could be allowed to leave Camp Nou as the Catalan giants look to fund the purchase of Bernardo Silva among others. (El Nacional) Sofyan Amrabat remains United's top midfield target and talks are ongoing with Fiorentina over a proposed transfer fee. (SPORT) There are plans in place to offer Jonny Evans a one-year contract following his impressive pre-season showings. The 35-year-old was drafted in on a short-term deal to provide cover but may be kept on after doing well for Erik ten Hag. (Belfast Telegraph) feed Negotiations are continuing between United and Real Sociedad over a deal for Dutch midfielder Donny van de Beek. (Fabrizio Romano) Roma manager Jose Mourinho is keen to reunite with United midfielder Scott McTominay this summer. The Scot is the subject of strong interest from West Ham but a suitable bid is yet to be received. (Sacha Tavolieri) Fred is 'guaranteed 100%' to leave Manchester United this summer. The Brazilian midfielder fell out of favour towards the back end of last season and is the subject of strong interest from Galatasaray. Fulham have also enquired about a potential summer move - one Erik ten Hag is willing to facilitate. (Fabrizio Romano)