Brentford goalkeeper David Raya has confirmed he has rejected two offers of a new contract as he prepares to explore his options in the summer. 90min revealed earlier this year Brentford have been negotiating with Raya's representatives for almost a year in the hope of finding an agreement to extend his current deal, which has just under 18 months left to run. Tottenham's interest in Raya was first reported back in November, while Manchester United are monitoring his situation and Chelsea have looked at the Spain international as they prepare to make a major decision on their goalkeeping department. With all that going on, Raya has confirmed he plans to see what happens at the end of the current season. "I don   t think it   s the right time to sign a contract at the moment," he told PA. "I   m really, really happy and right now I   m just thinking about doing the best for the team and trying to push for Europe. "I was offered a new contract last year and one in January but we didn   t reach an agreement. I would like to see what happens in the summer, however I   m happy at Brentford. "For now a new contract is secondary, the most important thing is the team and the games. We   ll see where we are in May. "You never know what   s around the corner. There   s nothing I can say about what   s going to happen in the summer. I don   t even know what   s going to happen on Saturday." Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  to wrap up the January transfer window and discuss Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo, Marcel Sabitzer, Hakim Ziyech's failed PSG move and more! If you can't see this embed, click  here  to watch the episode! Raya continued to stress that he remains more than happy with Brentford, describing the club as his home. "Brentford feels like home, when I came here three-and-a-half years ago it   s because I needed a new challenge," he continued. "It   s always going to be home - no matter what. I   m in one of the happiest times of my career. I   m a happy guy, you will never see me moaning. Football is my life, so I do what I love.