Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes is said to be Barcelona and Real Madrid's top transfer target, with the pair closely monitoring his situation.  The Portuguese only made the switch to Old Trafford in January, and has been sensational up to this point. In 26 matches for the Red Devils so far, Fernandes has managed 14 goals and ten assists. The 26-year-old also quickly became a leader both on and off the pitch, dictating his demands to others and setting the right example with his pressing intensity out of possession.  But reports recently emerged claiming Fernandes was involved in a row with boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer during the humiliating 6-1 defeat to Tottenham before the international break, with the midfielder being taken off at half time. However, Fernandes recently insisted these reports were not true and was merely an attempt to destabilise the squad.  The Sun now report that Barcelona and Real Madrid are ready to battle it out for the player's signature - even though he only joined United in January. The two clubs are monitoring his situation closely and could make a move. The report does allude to the recent reports regarding the alleged problems between Fernandes and Solskjaer, but it simply states that the former Sporting CP man was unhappy about being substituted at half time. This was to be expected, however, considering the player's hunger and desire to win and does not mean in any way that there was a disagreement at half time.  Indeed, Fernandes confirmed this while denying the reports, stating: "I was replaced at half-time, it is true, but for tactical reasons. The coach told me that the game was almost over and that we would have a lot of games ahead of us. Got it. I was not satisfied but said nothing that could harm the group." Solskjaer praised Fernandes for his recent remarks in his call with the media ahead of Saturday's trip to take on Newcastle. He said, as quoted by Man Utd's official website: "I think Bruno spoke really well the other day about we are United, we have to stay together.  "They   re going to try to create a division between us but that   s not going to happen because this group is a group that wants to work hard together and stick together.   