Welcome to the 90min Saturday live blog - where we're talking all things transfers. The chatter should die down a little this weekend as games take place all over Europe, but there's still plenty to sink our teeth into     particularly now Erling Haaland has revealed Borussia Dortmund are putting pressure on him to sign a new deal. There's also talk of a new short-term contract for Kylian Mbappe at PSG, which may force long-term admirers Real Madrid to pay a fee should they want to sign him this summer. Philippe Coutinho's move to Aston Villa remains the most high-profile deal of the window so far, but expect to see a few more big names sort their future between now and the end of the month. Follow our live blog below for all the latest transfer updates from around the Premier League and across Europe's biggest clubs... That's all from us today. Be sure to check back tomorrow for more transfer news! Seems as though Anthony Martial is continuing his search for a move away from Man Utd, with Ralf Rangnick revealing why the Frenchman didn't make today's squad for their 2-2 draw at Aston Villa - even though the boss was only able to name eight of the nine substitutes permitted. "He didn't want to be in the squad, he would have been in the squad normally but he didn't want to and that was the reason why he didn't travel with us yesterday." We've only really seen glimpses of Joao Felix's enormous potential at Atletico Madrid, but Marca report that Diego Simeone is intent on keeping the Portugal international around. In fact, they go as far as to calling the Man City target 'untouchable'. Oh well, better luck next time. Ooh, a transfer of the managerial kind. 90min understands that Everton and Rafa Benitez have agreed to the termination of his contract and are working on a severance deal. Read more on the story here. After being replaced by Edouard Mendy, it'd be understandable if Kepa Arrizabalaga - the most expensive goalkeeper of all time - wanted to leave Chelsea. But with Mendy away at AFCON, the Spaniard has enjoyed an extended spell back in the lineup, and told DAZN that he's happy at Stamford Bridge.    It is true that I had not had the opportunity to play several games in a row for a few months.    I take it as an opportunity in which I think I am prepared when I am playing, I am doing well, I am leaving satisfied with the games, I am leaving happy, and that is what I was looking for.    The last few months have not been about playing regularly, and what I have been looking for at all times is to give my best in the circumstance or in the position I was in at all times. While it seems likely Andreas Pereira will never play for Man Utd again, that doesn't mean other clubs can just submit derisory offers for him. ESPN Brazil report that Flamengo - who have a    20m option to buy in their current loan deal for Pereira - have made a bid below    10m for him instead. Unsurprisingly, United aren't giving it the time of day. Whoa, where did that come from? El Nacional report that Jurgen Klopp is ready to sell Roberto Firmino in the summer, and for the relatively measly price of    20m. Barcelona have been offered the chance to sign the Brazilian, and they believe he could represent good value for money. Thomas Tuchel revealed earlier this week that Chelsea will only dip into the transfer market if it suits them. With Reece James and Ben Chilwell on the treatment table, they could do with some cover at wing-back. ESPN FC reported on Friday that the Blues were monitoring Barcelona's Sergino Dest, and this claim has been backed up today by Sport. After succumbing to a late draw with relegation rivals Watford earlier today, I'm afraid we have more bad news for you, Toon fans. RMC report that the Magpies made a large offer for goalkeeper Keylor Navas recently, but it was knocked back by the French giants. A new central midfielder is needed to provide stability in United's midfield, that much most supporters can agree on. Fabian Ruiz has been touted as a possible target, but Sportsmail suggest that he's not the priority target - that remains West Ham captain Declan Rice. 90min also understands that Rice is very much on United's agenda. Nope, do not adjust your handsets, Arsenal really have been linked with a  move for Chelsea striker Diego Costa. The 33-year-old has been contracted to see if he'd be interested in a return to the Premier League in the coming weeks, though he does have interest from Brazil and Spain.  Currently a free agent, he couldn't...could he? "I think that's probably true (would the signing not have happened without Gerrard). I think it was visible, we were on a Zoom call and that reconnection was so obvious to me. "I think turning that the other way, when we signed Steven Gerrard we knew he would be a huge and important figure in our plans to improve our club and to attract the best players." ? Philippe Coutinho welcomed to the Aston Villa fans at Villa Park pic.twitter.com/bx083Y3rMq Speaking ahead of Aston Villa's clash with Manchester United, CEO Christian Purslow explained the circumstances of Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne's arrivals at the club. "It is a very difficult market January, you're right. We tend to view summer and January as one, it's easier to be more strategic about the summer and perhaps be a little more opportunistic in January. "Both these signings, Philippe (Coutinho) and Lucas (Digne) came about quickly and we moved quickly,  and we're absolutely thrilled to have both of them." Newcastle have been linked with more players in this window than any other club, which is perhaps unsurprising given their precarious Premier League position. We've spoken central defender targets so far but this time it's a left back catching the eye of manager Eddie Howe, who is currently overseeing the game against Watford at St James' Park. Atalanta's Robin Gosens is the player in question, and there's optimism that a deal can be struck for the German despite the offer of Champions League football in Italy. The first done deal of the day has been confirmed by Women's Super League leaders Arsenal. They've signed defender Laura Wienroither from Hoffenheim, an Austrian international who has 12 caps to her name.    It   s an incredible feeling for me.    Wienroither told Arsenal Media.    I   m really happy to be here and to have the opportunity and I   m looking forward to being with the team. When I first heard about Arsenal   s interest I couldn   t believe it, and I still can   t believe it!    Welcome to The Arsenal, Laura Wienroither ? We've heard plenty about Frenkie de Jong today, but it's now time to turn attention towards his namesake at Barcelona, Luuk. Once a dead cert to leave Camp Nou, Sport report that's no longer the case - because he feels appreciated in the dressing room and has earned the respect of Xavi. Another player linked with Newcastle this January is Lille's 21-year-old emerging star Sven Botman. However, with negotiations already halted, the French club's president Olivier Letang has confirmed the Dutchman will be going nowhere.    Sven (Botman) is an important player and man.  He has already expressed his qualities.    We have a very clear position that we need him, so Sven Botman will stay with us until the end of the season to help us achieve these goals. We have high objectives, with a qualification  for the European Cup for the end of the season, and the (Champions League) round of 16 against Chelsea." Newcastle really, really, really want a new central defender     you only need to read 90min's update on their pursuit of Diego Carlos to know that. But over in France, Foot Mercato report that a    40m bid for Monaco's Benoit Badiashile has been turned down - a player who is also of interest to West Ham. If that's the case, the Magpies are definitely the only side who can afford him. ?Update : #Monaco a refus   une offre sup  rieure    40M    de #Newcastle pour Beno  t Badiashile ??. https://t.co/CxRzv4ebkM pic.twitter.com/7Lecy2H2Vp While reports earlier on Saturday suggested that Chelsea or Bayern Munich could take Frenkie de Jong off Barcelona's hands, Mundo Deportivo have a fresh update on thee Dutchman's future. They write that Xavi sees the midfielder as a key part of his project and contrary to rumours wants to keep him at Camp Nou - though an offer in the region of    90m (good luck) could tempt them into a sale. We mentioned that we'd keep you up to date with news of the Premier League's decision regarding the north London derby, and it's now being widely reported that tomorrow's match is off. You wouldn't blame Jurgen Klopp one bit if he was finding the incessant speculation about Mohamed Salah's future at Liverpool a bit tedious. Talks are ongoing over a new contract, but so far Salah's entourage are yet to agree terms with the Reds over an extension. Is that a problem? Klopp thinks not... "I wouldn   t say there is a problem to be honest. "These are conversations. I   m not sure if two big companies try to come together, usually in normal life and business that is not done overnight. "Signing a big contract, it is not like buying a smartphone where you just sign one thing and it is done. "There are a lot of things to consider, some from the club   s side and some from the player   s side and a lot from the agent   s side. That   s the thing. Nothing else." Transfers is the name of the game but there's also the small matter of Covid-19 related match postponements - which may affect this Sunday's north London derby between Arsenal and Tottenham. A decision is yet to be made by the Premier League, but The Athletic have confirmed Arsenal will train this afternoon in case their request to call the game off goes against them. Stay tuned. We told you earlier what Brendan Rodgers had to say about Youri Tielemans' Leicester future, amid rumours of interest from Arsenal. That interest is said to be active, per CBS Sports, with a January move not completely out of the question. Any deal is likely to cost Arsenal a fair whack of money though, and would be reliant on the Foxes sourcing a replacement - not an easy thing to do in the winter market. Amadou Haidara and Todd Cantwell the latest to be mooted. Arsenal are continuing to talk with Fiorentina about the transfer of Dusan Vlahovic, but the Serbian is adamant he won't be pushed out of the Serie A door. The 21-year-old is fast becoming one of the hottest striking commodities in world football, owing to his terrific goalscoring record for Fiorentina. He's not ruled out a move to the Emirates Stadium but doesn't like the diea of being told what to do. His solution? Allow a decision to be made in the summer, when other interested parties may also make a bid. Paulo Dybala had agreed to extend his contract way at Juventus back in October, to the extent that handshakes had even been exchanged. However, it's never that straightforward is it? In this case, no      the contract is still not signed and that's said to have irked Dybala because of the club's lack of commitment. There's talk of the agreement being shelved until February so Juve can improve their financial situation, but it's a huge risk to take given the Argentine can now freely talk to other clubs. Juventus had a verbal agreement for three months with Paulo Dybala to extend his contract. Bu the club has now decided to to take time and wait "few months/weeks before deciding on new contracts to be extended.       ?? #JuveThat's why Dybala's future is open. Nothing decided yet. pic.twitter.com/UqeW9zVlVU Aston Villa head coach Steven Gerrard has been busy in the January window, strengthening his squad with Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne. The former has arrived from Barcelona on loan, and reunites with Gerrard after previously playing alongside him at Liverpool. By the sounds of it, he's settling in well. "It   s great to have him, he   s been smiling away for a few days. It   s my job to get him settled as quickly as possible and get him enjoying his football again. I   m sure there's a lot of football left in this boy because for me, he   s a fantastic talent and we   re lucky to have him. At the right time, he   ll be unleashed." Tanguy Ndombele's Tottenham career appears to be hanging by a thread, with manager Antonio Conte confirming that he's training away from the squad. However, when pushed on the player's future, Conte merely remarked: "In this moment Tanguy Ndombele is a Tottenham player. For this reason, you have to consider him a Tottenham player." Inter and Roma have been spoken to regarding a possible swap deal, owing to Spurs' ongoing interest in Inter's Stefano Sensi and Roma duo Lorenzo Pellegrini and Nicolo Zaniolo. Chelsea's options in central midfield options are substantial, even though Thomas Tuchel may have felt otherwise recently because of injuries and Covid-19. But reports in Spain, specifically from the ambitious El Nacional, claim that Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong is in their crosshairs. An offer of  £33.3m is said to have been put forward, but that falls way short of the club's  £50m valuation. Bayern Munich are also said to be sniffing. PSG refuse to give up hope of persuading Kylian Mbappe to sign a new contract of some description, and are now talking to the 23-yea-old about a short-term extension. That would be enough to force Real Madrid to pay for a transfer, rather than snapping him up on a free  this summer. The club are the ones driving talks but Mbappe is at least listening to what they have to say... Crystal Palace loanee Conor Gallagher wants to focus on his football, rather than thinking about what the future may hold. The 21-year-old has been one of the stars of the Premier League season so far, with many tipping to him be a major player for Chelsea in the future. The noise around Gallagher is increasing by the week, but he's blocking it all out and loving his time in south London. Speaking to Sky Sports, Gallagher said: "Chelsea is one of the best teams in the world right now. It's a tough team to get into but I'm not really thinking about that right now. I'm loving my football at Palace this season so I'll finish the season, do what I can to help the team and see where I am. The long-term future of Mohamed Salah is yet to be unresolved, with progress slow in contract talks between Liverpool and his representatives. Said slow progress has inevitably churned over the rumour mill and one name that is consistently being spat out is Luis Diaz, a Colombian winger plying his trade for Porto. A move has been downplayed in the British press, but Portuguese outlet A Bola interpret things rather differently. They report that Liverpool are 'very interested' and are preparing to make a  £58m offer this summer. Newcastle's January spending is far from over, they hope, and talks will continue early next week for Sevilla centre-back Diego Carlos. The Magpies may have to pay north of  £40m to persuade the Spaniards to let him go, particularly as Jules Kounde remains high on Chelsea's wish list. Newcastle planning further Diego Carlos talks after Seville derby.      @90min_Football https://t.co/jQ6kpEQseN Manchester City may be in complete control of the Premier League 'title race', but everybody in the country knows that Pep Guardiola strives for perfection and perfection only. In order to achieve that, there's likely still one or two further additions that need to be made to City's squad - namely replacing the departed Ferran Torres. Over in Spain, El Nacional suggest that Vinicius Jr is the man identified to come in     he's been in sparkling form for Real Madrid and is now showing everybody what the fuss was about when he first arrived. Will it happen? Hmm...    Youri is at an age and at a stage in his contract where he has to ensure he looks at every option. I would love it to be here at Leicester, that is natural, but I understand it's a very short career." Those the words of Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers, who seemingly understands that the talented Belgian may need to leave to further his career. Barcelona are in financial ruin, on the surface at least, but the Catalan giants are savvily reducing salaries and restructuring debt so that they can still make moves in the transfer market. Ferran Torres is already in from Manchester City, but further forward options are required following Sergio Aguero's sudden retirement. That could lead to his Argentina international teammate Mauro Icardi, who's not getting much of a look in at PSG. Le10 Sport suggest there is a loan deal to be done for Icardi, with Barcelona's interest in Juventus' Alvaro Morata waning. "I have said from the beginning that I want to focus on football, because that is when I am at my best, not when other things come into my mind. "Now they have put pressure for a while. So it is time to get things started. All I want to do is to play football, but I can't do that now." Hear what Haaland had to say in full... The Erling Haaland-interview with @JanAageFjortoft now with subtitles! pic.twitter.com/v39MPMzIOT Borussia Dortmund dismantled SC Freiburg 5-1 in the Bundesliga last night, with Haaland grabbing a brace in a routine and comprehensive win. But the victory was quickly forgotten about when the Norwegian spoke to Jan-Aage Fjortoft after the game had finished, where he revealed the club are putting the pressure on him to sort his future. "The last six months, I have chosen not to say anything out of respect for Dortmund," Haaland told  Viaplay. "But now the club has started to pressure me into making a decision, but all I want to do is to play football.