Lucien Favre has admitted that highly-coveted duo Jadon Sancho and Achraf Hakimi could both leave Borussia Dortmund when the transfer window opens.  Hakimi and Sancho have been two of Dortmund's star performers during the 2019/20 season, combining to great effect out on the club's flanks. On-loan Real Madrid defender Hakimi has registered a very impressive five goals and ten assists this season while operating predominantly as a wing-back.  As for Sancho, he's been in sensational form as well, grabbing 20 goals and providing a further 20 assists in all competitions.  Hakimi's loan deal with Dortmund is set to expire at the end of the season and a source has told 90min that the German giants are desperate to make the move permanent. However, Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham have all asked Real Madrid about his availability as they look to steal in, while a whole host of top European sides are also keeping a close eye on his situation.  Sancho, meanwhile, has been linked with a mega-money move elsewhere for a while now, most notably to Manchester United. Dortmund boss Favre has now been questioned on Hakimi and Sancho's futures at the club, with the 62-year-old admitting it very much remains a possibility that BVB lose both players when the transfer window opens.  "We'll see after the season. Of course, players will leave. We hope the players will stay, but it is possible that players will leave. You have already mentioned two [Hakimi and Sancho] that we don't definitely know about," Favre said, as quoted by Goal.  "Of course, they could stay with us, which would be very good for me. But we'll see what we'll do, whether it's in defence, midfield or attack." Despite Dortmund's best efforts to tie Sancho down to a new contract as well as the financial impact of the coronavirus on clubs, a source once again confirmed to 90min that Man Utd remain confident of landing the England international before next season. Favre went on to discuss his side's failed push for the title, admitting that while Bayern Munich have been the 'best' team, the decision to not award his team a penalty in their clash against Die Roten recently continues to frustrate him. 