90min  rounds up the latest PSG  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Any prospective bids for Paris Saint-Germain's prized asset Kylian Mbappe are set to be dismissed for the remainder of his contract, which runs to 2024. (Sport) Mbappe is just one of seven PSG players judged to be non-transferable by the club's hierarchy, topping a list which also includes Gianluigi Donnarumma, Nuno Mendes, Achraf Hakimi, Danilo Pereira, Marco Verratti and Marquinhos. (Le Parisien) Lionel Messi's current deal expires this summer and Inter have emerged as surprise contenders to snap up the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner on a free transfer. (CalcioMercato) Saudi Pro League side Al-Hilal showed their interest in Messi with a sickening salary of  £350m-a-year but the Argentine is set to turn down the eye-watering figure in favour of a move within Europe. (Uri Levy) PSG, however, have not entirely given up on persuading Messi to remain in Paris, with club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi stepping into the contractual negations - just as he did before convincing Mbappe to sign a new deal last summer. (Sport) Barcelona are also in the mix as a potential future destination for Messi and are intent on seeing the 35-year-old play in Catalonia again even if it is brief, with Messi's father Jorge meeting Bar  a president Joan Laporta in recent days to discuss a tribute for the World Cup winner should he leave European club football. (Cadena SER) Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid now have to compete with the riches of PSG in the feverish hunt for the signature of Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham this summer. (SER Deportivos) Administrative errors prevented a move to PSG for Hakim Ziyech in January but the World Cup semi-finalist is still admired by the French giants, with a potential transfer from Chelsea this summer on the cards. (Football Insider) If either Bellingham or Ziyech do arrive, they will be fighting for elbow room in the French capital as Julian Draxler and Leandro Paredes are expected to return from underwhelming loan spells at Benfica and Juventus respectively. (Fabrizio Romano) Whatever transfer plans PSG have up their sleeves will not be hampered by UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules as the club are expected to adhere to the economic restrictions despite their free spending. (Le Parisien)