Manchester City are happy to let Kyle Walker see out the remainder of his current contract with the club, 90min understands, amid links to Aston Villa. Walker has fallen down the pecking order at the Etihad Stadium in recent weeks, with manager Pep Guardiola explaining that he is currently unable to play in his new 3-2-4-1 formation. "He cannot do it. He will always have pace; Kyle at 60 years old will be the fastest player in this room. To play inside you have to have educated movements - he doesn't have every one of the characteristics," Guardiola admitted. "He has played as a full-back coming inside in the past with four at the back. He has done really well but this shape of three at the back and two in the middle, he cannot do it." With the likes of John Stones, Manuel Akanji and even Rico Lewis featuring in that new inverted right-back role instead, Walker has become a little bit of a forgotten figure amid Man City's resurgence over the last couple of months. feed He has been linked with a move to high-flying Aston Villa, where he spent the second half of the 2010/11 season on loan from Tottenham. Sources have told 90min that, ironically, former Spurs teammate and near-namesake Kyle Walker-Peters is one player certainly on Aston Villa's radar. However, 90min understands that the former club of Walker's most interested in a reunion is boyhood side Sheffield United. Walker has made no secret of his love for the Blades, notably appearing as an analyst on BBC Sport's coverage of their famous FA Cup win against Spurs at the start of March. Sheffield United would love to bring Walker back to Bramall Lane if they win promotion to the Premier League - they are currently second in the Championship favourites and are expected to clinch the runners-up spot - and a return 'home' would appeal to the England international. Nevertheless, sources have told 90min that City are not actively looking to force Walker out of the exit door, and are happy for him to play out the remaining 14 months of his contract. LISTEN NOW