Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has hinted Marcus Rashford would be free to leave the club in the summer should he wish to do so. Rashford   s future at Old Trafford became uncertain the morning after last weekend   s Manchester derby horror show when it was widely reported that he is frustrated by a relative lack of playing time and was bemused at the decision to leave him out of the starting lineup at the Etihad Stadium. The 24-year-old, whose start to the season was delayed by a recovery from shoulder surgery in the summer, has only started two of United   s last 11 Premier League games. Rangnick has explained ahead of facing Tottenham this weekend that he prefers not to pay particular attention to such reporting. He added that he hasn   t been personally told by Rashford if the player is unhappy but would not stand in his way if he does want to go.    In my 25 years of professional football, I have been deciding not to take too much notice of things happening in the media,    the boss explained.    He didn't say anything to me. He said to me that he's still happy and that he wants to perform on a high level here for the club. He didn't mention a thing about not being happy here.    The window is closed right now. Even in case, suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, then he can do that   but in the summer.    Whether he pushes for a transfer or not, as long as Rashford does remain a United player, Rangnick will do all he can to get the best out of him.    I like Marcus as a player,    he said.    I've had a few in the past at former clubs where they had problems at one stage but it's our job to help him, to get the best Marcus Rashford that he can be.    Another player rumoured to be less than happy at Old Trafford is Cristiano Ronaldo, who has been forced to miss recent games with a hip problem. His commitment to the club has been questioned during that time and speculation has been rife that he was dropped rather than injured. "He resumed training [on Thursday]. He trained the whole training session. He trained well so I would've thought he's available for [Saturday]. I haven't asked him if he's happy at Manchester and at this club,    Rangnick confirmed.