West Ham United have completed the signing of Southampton captain James Ward-Prowse for an undisclosed fee. The 28-year-old has inked a four-year contract at London Stadium to end an association with Southampton that dates all the way back to 2003, joining David Moyes' side after the latter's relegation to the Championship. "I   m buzzing to be here at West Ham United. It   s great to be here and I   m looking forward to getting going,"  Ward-Prowse told the club's official website. "From the outside looking in, this is a Club that has been on the rise for a number of years now and coming off the success in the UEFA Europa Conference League last year, you can feel there is real momentum around this Club. It   s great to be a part of it and I can   t wait to play my role in the games to come. "When I think about my game, it is based on hard work, graft, and giving 100%. West Ham United has always been a Club that has epitomises that. You can feel that from the fans and you can see it in the players who are here and the lads that have come through the Academy too. "I feel as though I will fit straight in and I can promise I will give my all for this football club in my time here." feed Capped 11 times by England, Ward-Prowse made 410 appearances on the south coast in all competitions, scoring 55 goals while laying on the same amount for his teammates, with his leadership skills among the traits praised by Moyes. "I   m delighted to bring a player of James    quality and experience to West Ham United,"  the Scot said of Ward-Prowse's arrival.    He's performed to a very high level in the Premier League over the last decade, constantly producing good numbers season after season. "His leadership qualities are obviously another huge plus for us     he   ll be a big voice for us, someone who drives the team on from the middle of the pitch. We   re excited to get him up and running, for what will be another busy season on both the domestic and European front." Ward-Prowse will wear the number 7 shirt at West Ham, vacated by Gianluca Scamacca following his  £26m move to Atalanta, and although the fee is undisclosed, 90min understands that around  £30m has been parted with to facilitate the move.