Leeds are poised to miss out on the signature of teenager Josko Gvardiol to RB Leipzig, while the Whites are still no closer to landing Rodrigo de Paul after seeing a bid rejected by Udinese. The newly promoted outfit were reportedly in the driving seat to snap up Gvardiol - despite being rivalled by Leipzig - and had submitted an  £18m bid for the defender. According to Croatian news outlet Sportske Novostri, Dinamo Zagreb accepted Leeds'  £18m bid, but Gvardiol has now rejected their contract offer in favour of a move to Leipzig. The 18-year-old broke into the Dinamo Zagreb first team last season, instantly attracting admirers across Europe despite making just 15 senior appearances. Leipzig were said to have submitted an offer similar to that of Leeds, which included add-ons and bonuses, in contrast to Leeds' up front offer.  Talentirani brani    Jo  ko Gvardiol  stavio je potpis na novi ugovor koji   e ga sljede  ih pet godina vezati uz  GNK Dinamo ??????      ? Dinamovo dijete i standardni reprezentativac produkt je nogometne   kole Dinama, a prvi seniorski nastup za Plave upisao je u listopadu 2019. protiv Gorice. Dva tjedna kasnije stigao je prvi pogodak protiv Intera iz Zapre  i  a. - Svako dijete koje se bavi nogometom u Zagrebu sanja da zaigra za Dinamo. Svoj sam san ispunio kada sam debitirao, a ovaj potpis zna  i da je sve do sada na obostrano zadovoljstvo. Nikada nisam   urio i stvari sam prihva  ao kakve jesu.   elim se afirmirati u Dinamu, vratiti klubu sve   to je ulo  io u mene pa tek onda mogu razmi  ljati o onome   to me   eka. Zaista sam sretan i ovim putem   elim se zahvaliti svojoj obitelj koji su mi uvijek bili potpora, suigra  ima i trenerima te klubu      rekao je Jo  ko Gvardiol po potpisu ugovora ????   estitamo! ?? #dinamozagreb #zagreb #hrvatska #croatia A post shared by  GNK Dinamo (@gnkdinamo) on Jun 25, 2020 at 3:46am PDT However, the German outfit were prepared to let Gvardiol remain with Dinamo Zagreb in his native Croatia for a further season - something both the player and his current employees were keen on. Leeds' attention will now turn to midfielder Rodrigo De Paul, who they have been pursuing since the end of August. The creative midfielder has recorded 25 goals and 25 assists in his 146 appearances for Udinese, with his performances earning him his first senior cap for Argentina in 2018. De Paul himself made his desire to join Leeds clear on social media - before deleting his tweet... and then his Twitter account (briefly).