Borussia Dortmund could sell Manchester United target Jadon Sancho this summer, but only if they are able to keep prolific striker Erling Haaland - who is wanted by Manchester City and Chelsea. United have been tracking Sancho for well over a year and failed in their attempts to land the England international last summer when they refused to meet Dortmund   s    120m asking price. But they may have a better chance of securing a deal this year if circumstances favour them. Dortmund   s financial position has been impacted by the coronavirus pandemic and could force them to cash in on at least one of their star names to make up for lost revenue. Bild writes that if they have to go down that route and sell one or the other to keep things ticking over, the Bundesliga side would prefer it to be Sancho so they can retain Haaland. That could be a major boost for United and other potential Sancho suitors, but a blow to anyone with serious intent of pursuing Haaland at the end of the season. 90min revealed last month that Manchester United still have open lines of communications with Sancho   s representatives and there is mutual interest in a transfer this summer. The Old Trafford club were pleased with the way Sancho conducted himself throughout the saga last summer, never burning any bridges with either side and maintaining a respectful attitude during a complicated situation. United took note of his impressive maturity. United are confident that their gamble of refusing to meet Dortmund   s asking price will pay off. They were undeterred by a period of poor form earlier in the season and believe the ongoing circumstances     Dortmund are in real danger of missing out on the Champions League and all the revenue it entails     will push the price down below  £100m. Sancho   s representatives have made it clear they are willing to at least consider all options after the proposed United transfer fell through in summer.  Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City have all shown interest, but none have indicated they are willing to begin a formal pursuit, while there is no suggestion that Real Madrid or Barcelona would consider making a bid. But there is also serious interest in Haaland. Manchester City consider themselves favourites to sign the 20-year-old Norwegian and are even more determined to sign a    number nine    striker this year than they are to secure a deal for potentially available Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi. Haaland   s camp is well aware that a move to City, a year before a release clause in his Dortmund contract will cap his price under  £70m, is a genuine option.