Liverpool target Ibrahima Konate could be edging closer to completing a summer transfer to Anfield from RB Leipzig amid claims that parts of a medical have already been done. However, there are conflicting reports suggesting Chelsea remain an option and that a medical has not yet happened. Liverpool have found themselves desperate for defensive reinforcements this season as a result of major injuries to Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez and Joel Matip. After selling Dejan Lovren last summer, it was hoped Fabinho would suffice as a back-up for a year if required, with a focus on long-term recruitment at the back pushed to the summer of 2021. The Reds had no choice but to dip into the market in January for short-term boots in the shape of Ben Davies and Ozan Kabak, but getting a centre-back this summer was always the plan. 21-year-old Konate, whose release clause caps his price at an estimated    40m ( £34m) and would cut Leipzig out of negotiations if triggered, is considered a major talent. However, injury ravaged campaigns this season and last may have nervous Liverpool fans biting their nails. It was reported earlier this week that Liverpool were in the process of    finalising    a deal for Konate, although Leipzig sporting director Markus Krosche later dismissed it as an option. It has been suggested in Germany that Leipzig have been unaware of any interest from Liverpool, nor have they been in contact with Konate   s representatives over a potential transfer. If Liverpool are planning to trigger the release clause and are in touch with the player   s camp to gauge interest, that could explain why Leipzig officials have not been involved. But French outlet RMC now suggests that things are accelerating by claiming Konate has passed    some medical tests   . What those    tests    may have involved is left extremely vague and L   Equipe (via Sport Witness) conversely reports that Konate   s camp have denied a medical has taken place. Yet there is a difference between a full medical and informal tests or questions, so neither conflicting take is necessarily false and the proper truth will be hidden in detail and specifics. L   Equipe also suggests that, despite the close links to Liverpool being reported by The Athletic and RMC, Konate and his representatives are still keeping options open for now and have not ruled out listening to other clubs. Chelsea are named as a potential suitor in that respect.