Manchester United have reached an agreement with Inter for the transfer of goalkeeper Andre Onana, 90min understands. The Cameroon international has been established as United's first choice goalkeeping target and long-term successor to David de Gea, who saw his contract expire and left the club earlier this month. United have been in discussions with Inter over recent days to come to a deal over the transfer of the 27-year-old. Inter had been holding out for    60m and had knocked back two offers from United for Onana, but a deal has now been reached after further talks. It's understood United have committed to paying    55m inclusive of add-ons to secure Onana's services. The add-ons themselves are worth    4m of that fee. United have already agreed personal terms with Onana, who has previously worked with United manager Erik ten Hag at Ajax, and Onana will undergo a medical before signing what is understood to be a five-year contract with an option for a further year. feed Onana is set to earn a base salary of around  £120,000-a-week, with bonuses and appearance fees taking it to within the region of  £150,000. It is a substantial decrease for a United number one goalkeeper in comparison to De Gea's wages - with the Spaniard earning in the region of  £375,000 a week across his last contract. The deal is structured in a similar manner to those of Lisandro Martinez and Antony, who both arrived last summer, and is set to increase to closer to  £200,000 a week as the deal progresses. United have been conscious to reduce the wages they are offering even to first team players in recent transfer windows, with existing contracts for Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka so substantial United have found it difficult to move the players on. Onana has been established as United's top priority in goal in recent weeks, after the club pivoted away from extending the contract of De Gea due to a drop off in performances in the final months of last season. Ten Hag has been behind the decision and wants to see United improve their ability to distribute from the goalkeeper - a key quality in Onana's game. United are also in the market for a second goalkeeper to become Onana's understudy. The deal for Onana being reached unlocks the door for Dean Henderson to move to Nottingham Forest in a deal which could be worth around  £20m. Tom Heaton is also attracting interest from the likes of Everton and Luton Town.