It is truly remarkable that Liverpool are still in the Premier League title race, even though they've been pulling kids off Stanley Park and sticking them at the heart of their defence for the past few months. The Reds' treatment room is packed to the rafters, with a key duo occupying two of the hospital beds for the remainder of the season. No, it's not Forrest Gump and Lieutenant Dan, but Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez - the two centre-backs who suffered long-term knee injuries and aren't expected back before the dying embers of the season, if they're lucky. With Manchester City now top the pile and looking incredible, this simply won't do. Luckily, we've reached January, a month which gives Jurgen Klopp the chance to regroup and replenish his depleted troops - if the mighty FSG are willing and able to dip into their pockets. Here's a look at those who have been linjed with Liverpool, assessing whether they would be winter wonders or winter wash-outs... Gleison Bremer's stock was certainly a lot higher before the 2020/21 season kicked off. Since then, the Brazilian defender has endured a miserable five months with Torino, who sit in the Serie A relegation zone, having conceded 32 goals in the process.Not the numbers associated with a Liverpool target. But, Andy Robertson was relegated with Hull, Georginio Wijnaldum went down with Newcastle and Xherdan Shaqiri suffered the same fate with Stoke. It's a market Liverpool have dipped into before.Winter Wonder Rating: 2/10  Copy and paste from above. Another player who has caught the eye of Europe's giants, Ozan Kabak probably wishes he'd made a move in the summer.Schalke have embarked on one of the worst starts imaginable to a new season, failing to win any of their opening 14 matches, picking up four points. They boast the worst defence by a country mile, shipping 39 goals in that time - almost three goals a game.Maybe not the man to end Liverpool's defensive frailties, then.Winter Wonder Rating: 2.5/10 A rather unknown entity, David Carmo stepped up and settled into the Braga team with ease in 2020. However, he is only 20 years old, and his inexperience and ability to keep his head at crucial moments is still to be tested severely.After all, he did get sent off and sparked a mass brawl in a derby against Vit  ria, so, you know - he's got a history of these incidents. With a title on the line, there may be safer bets on offer.Winter Wonder Rating: 4/10 There was once a time when West Ham valued Issa Diop at around  £70m, Manchester United wanted him and he was the greatest thing in east London since jellied eels.But that time has now gone and instead, Diop is warming West Ham's bench as he can't oust *checks notes* Craig Dawson, a player brought to the club on loan from relegated Watford. Being short of match fitness isn't ideal, but he is good - really!Winter Wonder Rating: 4.5/10 If history has taught us anything, it's that Ajax are pretty good at shaping a top quality player. And recent history tells us that they have produced one of the most promising defenders in recent times in Matthijs de Ligt.Is Perr Schuurs at De Ligt's level? Nah. Could he be? In a few years, who knows? When you're shopping in the Waitrose of football supermarkets, you tend to get value for money more often than not.Winter Wonder Rating: 5/10 Ben White has enjoyed a prolific rise to the top of English football over the past 18 months. His title winning season with Leeds made him a hero in Yorkshire and he has adapted well to the demands of the Premier League with Brighton.The young centre-back did sign a new contract with the Seagulls in the summer, and having rejected bids in the region of  £30m from the Whites, Liverpool will have to stump up serious cash to land their man. Is he worth it? Winter Wonder Rating: 5.5/10 Mykola Matviyenko has learnt his trade at dark horses Shakhtar Donetsk all his career, but it might be time for him to make the leap from underdog to powerhouse.The 24-year-old can play centre-back or left-back, and is extremely comfortable on the ball. He has also been capped 28 times by Ukraine at international level, and has demonstrated his skills on the European stage. He could be a touch pricey, though, and for someone playing in a league with the quality of Ukraine, it's a punt.Winter Wonder Rating: 6/10 Honestly, if you haven't heard of Aaron Long, you're probably not alone.But really, you ought to have heard of one of New York Red Bulls' star turns, particularly after us folk at 90min decided to lavish you with a profile like no other.A short-term loan deal to Anfield has been mentioned in despatches, and the Reds could do a lot worse than bringing a player who was named MLS' best defender two years ago.Winter Wonder Rating: 6.5/10 Number four on our list is Sven Botman. The 20-year-old moved to Lille in the summer, and has taken to Ligue 1 football like a duck to water. He has even won more duels than any other defender in the division. Not bad. However, his lack of experience must plant a seed of doubt in the Reds' minds. Will he stand up and be counted in one of the most high-pressure situations football has to offer - a Premier League title race? It's a risk, but one they may have to take.Winter Wonder Rating: 7.5/10  Liverpool fans will hold fond memories of the name Torres, after a certain Fernando tore up the Premier League in their red jersey. Pau Torres is a much different player, but he could enjoy some success of his own. The 23-year-old has grown to become a regular at international level with Spain, offering six feet and three inches of height, as well as excellent ball-playing abilities. A strong, confident and commanding presence - just what the doctor ordered.Winter Wonder Rating: 8/10 