What is going on at Molineux? Ever since Wolverhampton Wanderers forged a close relationship with agent Jorge Mendes, their transfer business has come under scrutiny. Some of the deals he has helped with have been huge successes - R  ben Neves and Ra  l Jim  nez are two of many - but there have been plenty of confusing moments as well. Wolves' love of signing Portuguese players has brought around plenty of jokes, and they didn't exactly help themselves by unveiling a new third kit which looks more like the Portugal shirt than the actual Portugal shirt does. ?Pre order your third kit ? https://t.co/ICFAu5nPgN pic.twitter.com/7xBfSSvU1D Next up for Wolves is Barcelona right-back N  lson Semedo who, according to Fabrizio Romano, is 'one step away' from joining the club after Bar  a accepted Wolves' latest bid, with just personal terms left to be discussed. There's no mention of the price involved, but Mundo Deportivo have previously spoken of a  £34m asking price from Barcelona -  £19m more than they received from Tottenham for Matt Doherty. That's wild. Wolves haven't done things by the book this summer. They broke their transfer record by completing a  £35.6m deal to sign 18-year-old striker F  bio Silva from Porto, despite the fact that the Football Manager legend had started just 1 league game in his career at that time. They followed that up with a loan move for another Porto starlet, 20-year-old midfielder Vitinha, who racked up a grand total of zero Liga NOS starts before making the move. A cut-price move for Lyon defender Mar  al made some sense, but then confusion reigned once more as Wolves moved to sign young right-back Ki-Jana Hoever from Liverpool. Diogo Jota moved to Anfield in a separate deal, and both moves had fans raising their eyebrows. Unlike a lot of their other business, signing Semedo does make some sense. After losing Doherty to Spurs, Wolves' senior right-back was 22-year-old Dane Oskar Buur, who was only promoted from the academy last season. ?? @khoever51_ pic.twitter.com/QE5YDiesFU Neither Hoever nor fellow teenager Luke Matheson are ready to start, so a senior figure like Semedo will fit in perfectly, but it's the cost of the deal (and the agents involved) which will pose questions. Signing Semedo, who just so happens to be represented by Mendes, looks to be an expensive piece of business for Wolves, who have been throwing money around with reckless abandon over the last few seasons.