Manchester United blocked loan moves for both Jesse Lingard and Dean Henderson towards the end of the January transfer window. The former has played just 88 Premier League minutes this season, while Henderson is yet to make it off the bench. Lingard was left furious after seeing loan offers from West Ham and Newcastle rejected, as manager Ralf Rangnick had even given his blessing to let the midfielder leave the club. As for Henderson, it was Watford who were knocked back. Arsenal are left with just two senior strikers following the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Barcelona, and they might have had just one had Lyon got their way. The French side wanted to re-sign Alexandre Lacazette, but are now expected to try and land him on a free transfer in the summer. Aubameyang's departure could have led to Arsenal signing Barcelona's Ousmane Dembele on loan. The Frenchman was asked to be included in the deal but decided against it, and he wasn't keen on a move to Tottenham either. Dembele is believed to have his heart set on a move to Chelsea and a reunion with Thomas Tuchel, who was offered the chance to sign the winger on deadline day. The Blues are interested in Dembele but want to wait until his contract expires before making a move. Liverpool saw a move for Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho collapse late in the window, but they are expected to revive their interest in the summer when his contract expires. Because of his age, Liverpool will still have to pay Fulham some compensation to sign him on a free and the two clubs could use the transfer fee they agreed to avoid needing to go to court. One of the most in-demand midfielders in the Premier League, Yves Bissouma of Brighton attracted plenty of interest last month. Aston Villa considered a huge  £50m bid for the Mali international but eventually decided against it. Donny van de Beek ended up joining Everton, but Leeds actually turned down the chance to sign him, alongside Tottenham's Harry Winks. Both were offered to the Elland Road outfit but those in charge decided against it. With the transfer window now over, Erling Haaland has flown to Monaco to meet with Mino Raiola to discuss his plan of action for the summer. Borussia Dortmund want an answer on his future pretty soon, but nearly every top side on the planet wants him to become available in six months' time. Georginio Wijnaldum was offered the chance to make a return to Newcastle late in the window. The Magpies had a busy deadline day and still wanted more signings, but Wijnaldum felt as though he had unfinished business with PSG.