Manchester United are among the Premier League clubs who retain an interest in Atalanta starlets Rasmus Hojlund and Giorgio Scalvini, 90min understands. Hojlund has been one of the breakout stars of the 2022/23 Serie A season, scoring seven goals in 16 league starts for Atalanta following his summer move from Sturm Graz. That club form, coupled with his five goals in his first two competitive senior appearances for Denmark, have expectedly caught the eye of some of Europe's top clubs, with manager Gian Piero Gasperini admitting there is interest.    I haven't seen so many strikers as good as Hojlund at 20. He can improve a lot, he   s great. Top European clubs are always attentive to this kind of top talents. There could be some huge bid for him that would be impossible to reject for us,    he said. 90min reported back at the start of April that Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United all sent scouts to watch Hojlund's Denmark debut - a game in which he scored a hat-trick - and we understand that all three clubs have continued to track the striker's progress ever since.  READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Along with Arsenal, Chelsea and Man Utd, sources have confirmed that the striker is also emerging as a summer target for Newcastle United. However, Hojlund isn't the only Atalanta player attracting interest from across Europe. Due to the dwindling possibility of Champions League football in Bergamo next season - the club currently sit in seventh place in Serie A - there looks set to be a number of players leaving Atalanta in the summer.  One of which could be Football Manager 2023 wonderkid Scalvini, who 90min understands has been closely watched by Man Utd, Man City, and Liverpool in recent months. Elsewhere in the backline, sources have confirmed that wing-back Joakim Maehle is of interest to Juventus, who tried to sign the Dane in January, and Newcastle United, who are on the lookout for a left-back. In midfield, 90min can report that Teun Koopmeiners is on Liverpool's midfielder long-list, and up top English forward Ademola Lookman is of interest to Crystal Palace and Burnley.  LISTEN NOW