Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay has signed a new long-term contract with the club that promises to keep the home-grown fan favourite at Old Trafford until 2025. The deal also includes the option of a further year until 2026. McTominay has underlined his importance as a first-team player this season, having made the permanent breakthrough to a regular place in the latter half of last season.  Scott #McTominay is here to stay! ? #MUFC A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Jun 23, 2020 at 1:31am PDT    Whilst I understand that we all have so many other things to think about at the moment, I   m so happy to sign this contract and play a part in the future ahead for this team,    McTominay told the club   s official website in response to the news.    All I have ever known is United and I hope that my passion for the club shows every time I go onto the pitch. I   ll continue to give everything for this club whenever I pull on the shirt.      I want to thank the manager for the faith he has shown in me and everyone at the club that has helped me to get where I am today. I   m looking forward to finishing this season on a high and hopefully achieving our aims.    McTominay joined United   s academy ranks from the age of just five and already has an 18-year association with his boyhood club. He made a somewhat surprise first-team debut under the management of Jose Mourinho in May 2017 and went on to make 23 senior appearances in all competitions in the following 2017/18 campaign. The Scotland international remained a bit-part squad player for much of 2018/19 but began to command a more regular role in the final stages of the season. He has become one of the first names on the teamsheet and score what will be remembered as a famous goal in the Manchester derby in United   s final Premier League game before the coronavirus lockdown. McTominay   s continuing first-team role as an academy graduate also contributes to the club   s incredible ongoing record of naming a home-grown player in every singe matchday squad since October 1937, soon to be 83 years and still counting.