Romelu Lukaku is set to re-join Inter on loan from Chelsea. There are currently no plans to include a purchase obligation or option in the deal, though the Nerazzurri will pay an    8m loan fee which could rise to    10m if certain conditions are met. Bayern Munich aren't fretting over the immediate future of Robert Lewandowski because they do not believe Barcelona have the money to finance such a deal at this time. The Polish striker has made it abundantly clear he wants to swap Bavaria for Catalonia this summer. Meanwhile, Sadio Mane has admitted that he was 'hooked' by the thought of playing for Bayern Munich after learning of their interest as his transfer from Liverpool nears completion. Real Madrid have entered the race to sign Raheem Sterling, with Manchester City open to a sale this summer. Barcelona, who are the forward's most preferred destination, and Chelsea remain in the running for his signature. Arsenal are hoping to sign Brazilian duo Gabriel Jesus and Raphinha, though their most recent bids for the two are currently short of respective clubs Manchester City and Leeds United's valuations. Ajax winger Antony has become Manchester United's priority attacking signing this summer, though reports that a deal is close are currently wide of the mark. The Red Devils also expect Anthony Martial to remain at the club with interest in his services scarce. Newcastle United remain in pole position to sign Hugo Ekitike from Reims, though there remains interest from the likes of Real Madrid, PSG and Bayern Munich. Listen now to 90min's  Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Raheem Sterling & Gabriel Jesus' futures, Chelsea's interest in Jules Kounde & Robert Lewandowski plus Man Utd's Frenkie de Jong pursuit. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Brentford remain hopeful that Christian Eriksen will opt to stay at the club after he had previously informed them he would likely leave at the end of June. Tottenham and Manchester United are still in the race, but if the Dane doesn't return to Spurs, then it's probable that he will stick with the Bees. Rangers are willing to move Alfredo Morelos on this summer if the Colombian striker does not agree to a new contract. Sevilla have shown an interest in the 26-year-old. Wolves are readying approaches for Flamengo star Gabriel 'Gabigol' Barbosa and River Plate midfielder Enzo Fernandez.