Ok, so you're thinking it's a tad harsh drawing up a list of players Bayern Munich should part ways with just days after they lifted the Champions League, right? Well, yes, you're right, it is harsh. But football is a ruthless game and the transfer season is well underway.  Bayern look far and away the best side in Europe right now - but Die Roten won't be content with one year at the top of the game. With super clubs across the continent entering rebuilding phases, Bayern have the potential to enter a phase of European dominance. To keep ahead of the chasing pack, they cannot stand still, they must continue to evolve, moving along the players nearing the end of their playing days and replacing them with the best and brightest talents. Here at 90min, we've taken a look at who should make way.  The shot-stopper has proved a loyal servant for the Bavarian side over the past five seasons. With Manuel Neuer being the undisputed first-choice, Ulreich's only game time comes when injury strikes the number one. His longest run in the team came in 2017/18, playing 29 times in the Bundesliga and 11 times in the Champions League. Since then, however, he's played just 13 games and only featured once last campaign.With Alexander N  bel joining from Schalke already this summer, Ulreich finds himself even further down the pecking order - time to move on. Potential Destination: CelticPotential Price:  £7m There's been a common theme running through the Spain international's time in Germany - injuries. Having arrived as Bayern's then-record signing in 2012, Martinez has been an important player for the club - when he's been fit, that is.Now approaching the twilight of his career and entering the final year of his contract, the German side should look to cash in whilst he still retains some value.Potential Destination: FiorentinaPotential Price:  £15m After choosing to stay at the club last summer when it seemed likely he'd leave, Boateng has featured regularly for the German side this year. Injuries to Lucas Hernandez and Niklas S  le have left the side reliant on Boateng and, to many people's surprise, he's put together a string of dominating performances reminiscent of his early years.Now 31 and entering the last year of his contract however, it's time for the centre-back to move elsewhere. Fresh off the back of a Champions League victory, the German international will leave with his head held high. Arsenal appeared to be after Boateng in January and while they are yet to be linked in this window, they could yet reignite their interest.Potential Destination: ArsenalPotential Price:  £20m After a big-money move to Germany back in 2017, things haven't gone quite to plan for Tolisso. Despite being used mainly as a sub during his first season, his output was impressive, chipping in with six goals and four assists. Since then however, things have taken a turn for the worse.A cruciate ligament injury would see him play just two Bundesliga games the following year, and this season he featured just 13 times before injury curtailed his season once again.It's time for Tolisso to rebuild his career - a move elsewhere might be a necessary step.  Potential Destination: Manchester United, ArsenalPotential Price:  £30m