Harry Kane wants out of Tottenham, but with Daniel Levy doing Daniel Levy things and demanding  £150m for the striker, a move is already on the ropes. Kane's suitors are all (understandably) reluctant to dig that deep into their pockets, so a player-plus-cash deal might be on the cards. However, for Spurs to consider it, it has to involve the right players...basically, just not Kepa Arrizabalaga. Let's see what each club could realistically offer up. Players who could be available: Benjamin Mendy, Ferran Torres, Gabriel Jesus. City have the skeleton of a deal here. While Spurs would probably rebuff any attempt to include left-back Mendy (assuming Real Madrid don't choose to buy back Sergio Reguilon), they have a couple of fringe forwards who Spurs might like. Jesus is the obvious bargaining chip. He's a young, high-potential striker who looks to have hit a wall at the Etihad, and Spurs should consider any offer from City which includes the Brazilian forward. If Spurs want more, Torres could be a sweetener. Brought in on the cheap last summer - cash-strapped Valencia took just  £21m for him - Torres has been solid for City but nothing more, and as an attack-minded winger who can double as a striker, he fits a handful of voids at Spurs. Potential offer: Jesus, Torres &  £60m Players who could be available: David de Gea, Dean Henderson, Jesse Lingard, Dan James, Donny van de Beek. Whichever goalkeeper United decide to keep, they should offer up the other to Spurs. Henderson is known to be on their target list and if he can't oust De Gea, he could be a valuable asset in any Kane trade. Likewise, offering De Gea would be less valuable but an intriguing option nonetheless. Outside of their goalkeepers, United don't have too many desirable assets for Spurs. Lingard's stock is high but he's another midfielder to get lost in the Dele Alli/Tanguy Ndombele/Lucas Moura shuffle. It'd be an intriguing offer but one which Spurs wouldn't really jump at, and the same goes with fringe man Van de Beek. In attack, would United really give up Anthony Martial? He's the only non-untouchable player who Spurs would realistically want from United's front line. Daniel James is there but wouldn't knock much off Kane's price tag. Potential offer: Henderson, James &  £90m Players who could be available: Kepa Arrizabalaga, Emerson, Ross Barkley, Tiemoue Bakayoko, Michy Batshuayi, Tammy Abraham. Chelsea could offer Spurs free rein of their unwanted pile, but how many of those players do you think they would really want? Abraham is likely to be the focal point of any deal, and rightly so. Spurs will know he's a proven top-flight goalscorer with a lot of room to grow, and while he's obviously not on Kane's level, he's a valuable like-for-like replacement. That's where the appeal stops, with most of Chelsea's other players little more than bench fodder. Barkley would be a decent rotational midfielder, so his inclusion should be considered, but there'll have to be some serious cash as well. Potential offer: Abraham, Barkley &  £90m Players who could be available: Neto, Sergi Roberto, Samuel Umtiti, Junior Firpo, Miralem Pjanic, Philippe Coutinho, Ousmane Dembele, Francisco Trincao, Antoine Griezmann, Martin Braithwaite. Depending on how crazy they want to go, Barcelona could put together a very sweet package for Kane. If Dembele refuses to sign a new contract, he'll be up for sale this summer and would be a fascinating option for Spurs, but if he does sign on, Barcelona still have plenty of other assets to offer. Griezmann and Coutinho are some of the biggest names attainable...even if there's a good reason as to why Barcelona don't want them anymore. Roberto and Firpo as rotational full-backs, Braithwaite as a backup striker, Trincao as a young, high-potential winger - there's value there, but they would need to be attached to one of the bigger names for Spurs to humour it. You could obviously throw Dembele, Griezmann and Coutinho at Spurs and get a deal done quite quickly, but if Barcelona want to shake off their reputation for awful business, they'll have to be a little more conservative.