Kieran Trippier has been told that he will be a Manchester United player by the end of July, with personal terms already agreed in principle between the player   s agents and the Premier League club. United have been proactive in the transfer window so far this summer, landing long-term target Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund for around  £73m. But the club are aiming to strengthen in other areas too, with the defensive line being one of the key areas of attention. Talks are progressing over a deal for World Cup winning centre back Raphael Varane - United are hopeful a deal can be struck with Real Madrid in the coming weeks - while the full back positions have also been an area of focus for manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Solskjaer has wanted another option to choose from outside of current first choices Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw, and Trippier has been seen as the ideal fit.  United also looked at Rangers captain James Tavernier and Norwich   s highly-rated England Under-21 right back Max Aarons, but Trippier's ability to cover both sides of the pitch - as displayed during England's run to the final of Euro 2020 - has convinced United's hierarchy that the 30-year-old is the right option. 90min has learned United and Atletico Madrid are finalising a deal worth around  £20m. Sources close to the player have confirmed Trippier has been told he will be a United player once his post-Euro 2020 holiday ends. While primarily an option to compete with Wan-Bissaka at right back, Trippier is also seen as an alternative to cover Shaw, who is in the best form of his career for club and country. Trippier has informed Atletico that he would like to move back to England this summer, and once United's interest in him emerged his focus was on completing a move back to the north west. Trippier was born in Bury and came through the academy at Manchester City, though his family are understood to be United fans. United have other full back options but have not been convinced of their suitability. Diogo Dalot spent last season on loan at Milan and United are willing to sell for the right price, while Brandon Williams has a number of loan options and would like to play first team football.