Manchester United winger Facundo Pellistri is expected to fly out to Spain in the coming days to seal a loan move to Alaves, while teammate Marcos Rojo is finalising a move home to Argentina. A  £10m signing from Penarol during the summer, Pellistri is yet to make his debut for United. He was an unused substitute for two Champions League matches but has actually spent most of his time with the reserves. United are keen to get the 19-year-old playing senior football again but do not believe he is ready for a spot at Old Trafford just yet, and the arrival of 18-year-old Amad Diallo, who scored a brace and Panenka penalty on his debut for the Under-23s, from Atalanta has presented another obstacle for Pellistri. Talks were held with Belgian side Club Brugge, but as noted by Goal, it's Alaves who have won the race for the Uruguayan's signature. Pellistri has already spoken to those in charge at Alaves and is now expected to fly out to Spain on Sunday to put pen to paper on a six-month loan. It is understood that Pellistri pushed for United to accept Alaves' proposal as he has always dreamed of playing in La Liga and has been captivated by manager Abelardo's plan for the winger. He hasn't picked an easy road, however, as Alaves currently sit 18th in La Liga, one point adrift of safety. They have lost a league-high ten games, while their 18 goals scored is tied for the fourth worst record in the division. Ecstatic after converting my first goal with @ManUtd and for the team   s victory! Go Reds! ???Muy feliz por mi primer gol con el @ManUtd_Es y por la victoria del equipo! Vamos Rojos! ??? pic.twitter.com/KH3hGLZbfA Pellistri will join a struggling forward line which includes former Premier League talents Lucas Perez, Joselu and Jota, and the hope is that he can inspire Abelardo's side to safety. United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has often spoken highly of Pellistri, who has been a regular part of the first-team training squad at Carrington, and it was quickly decided that the teenager was already too good for reserve football. However, with Diallo earmarked for a spot in the squad in the near future, the decision was made for Pellistri to head out on loan and hopefully compete for a spot in the senior squad upon his return to Old Trafford. As for 30-year-old Rojo, he's reached an agreement with United to terminate his contract - per Sky Sports - and will become a free agent by the start of February. It's likely he'll return home to Argentina, with Solskjaer confirming in his press conference before United's game with Arsenal that there is only a "little bit of paperwork left to be done".