Chelsea have a rather cursed history with big-name striker signings. Andriy Shevchenko. Fernando Torres. Romelu Lukaku. Alvaro Morata. Gonzalo Higuain. Timo Werner. Romelu Lukaku again. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Perhaps the relative obscurity of Nicolas Jackson, coming off the back of a fine breakout season at Villarreal, could help lower expectations upon arrival at Stamford Bridge. Hey, Chelsea don't have a lot left to lose at this point. So while the rest of the world tries to come up with chants to the tune of Ms Jackson by Outkast, we've devised some ways in which Mauricio Pochettino could use his new striker. feed Chelsea's striking options heading into the new season are looking a little thin, even though they're paradoxically numerous. Kai Havertz is joining Arsenal. Lukaku wants to go back to Inter. Aubameyang could very well leave. Armando Broja is coming off a serious injury. Christopher Nkunku isn't really a number nine. David Datro Fofana is likely to leave on loan. There's a good chance for Jackson to come straight into pre-season and impress Pochettino, to stake an early claim to start up front alone in the Argentine's preferred 4-2-3-1 formation. Madueke - Nkunku - Sterling - Jackson Madueke - Nkunku - Mudryk - Jackson Nkunku - Mount - Sterling - Jackson Though Pochettino is likely to play a 4-2-3-1 - both because that's how best to utilise his pressing tactics and Chelsea's squad lends itself nicely to the system - he has deviated from his norm to play two strikers together. In his later days at Tottenham, he pushed Son Heung-min up alongside Harry Kane to essentially do his pressing and running for him, while Spurs also switched to a 3-5-2 when starting as a 3-4-3 on occasion. If Pochettino is able to put his arm around the likes of Aubameyang and Lukaku to get them to buy into Chelsea's new project, they could make ideal partners for Jackson. Aubameyang - Jackson Lukaku - Jackson Broja - Jackson We've already mentioned Nkunku as a number ten behind Jackson and the possibility of the Senegal international playing with a partner, but this is an option which deserves a standalone category. Nkunku is the perfect modern-day shadow striker, and Pochettino famously oversaw the development of Dele Alli when he was more befitting of that title at a young age. Could Nkunku and Jackson be the new Dele and Kane? Probably not, but they could make a fine tribute act.