90min  rounds up the latest  Barcelona transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Lionel Messi is seriously considering a return to Barcelona once his contract with Paris Saint-Germain expires at the end of the season. The 35-year-old was recently booed by PSG's supporters during the Ligue 1 defeat to Rennes amid growing tensions in the French capital. (Foot Mercato) Barcelona could look to terminate the contract of Jordi Alba and a number of other players in a bid to cut costs ahead of the summer transfer window. (Sport) Abde Ezzalzouli's loan spell at Osasuna could help to facilitate a permanent move away from Barcelona. Atletico Madrid's interest has been played down but a move to the Premier League may be sanctioned. (Matteo Moretto) Frenkie de Jong insists he is happy to stay at Barcelona despite ongoing speculation regarding a move to Manchester United. (Ziggo Sport) Manchester City are looking to exploit the uncertainty surrounding Gavi's future by making a bid which would see long-time Blaugrana target Bernardo Silva finally move in the opposite direction.(Fichajes) Barcelona may trigger the  £10.6m release clause written into the contract of Roma forward Paulo Dybala. The Argentine joined Jose Mourinho in the Italian capital on a free transfer just last summer, but could come in to provide competition for Robert Lewandowski. (Calciomercatoweb) READ NEXT manual Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could make a sensational return to Camp Nou less than a year after leaving the club to join Chelsea. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona may be forced into selling Raphinha this summer amid interest from Premier League moneybags Newcastle United. (El Nacional) Chelsea and Manchester United may offer Barcelona a different route to pocketing money this summer as they are interested in signing Ousmane Dembele. (Calciomercatoit) Florian Wirtz has played down alleged interest from Barcelona, telling a press conference while on Germany international duty: "I haven't heard anything from my father about Barcelona, and I was surprised when I read it. I still have goals with Leverkusen and the national team. I'm not looking too much into the future. I have been very busy with my injury."