Aston Villa and Ollie Watkins are finalising terms over a new contract following the striker's sensational run of form, 90min understands. The England international has developed into one of the Premier League's leading marksmen in recent months and has looked completely rejuvenated under Unai Emery during the second half of this season. With Aston Villa now pushing for a European place, they are looking to tie down Watkins for his prime years, and sources have confirmed to 90min that an agreement over a new contract is close. Watkins signed a five-year deal upon signing from Brentford in 2020 for a fee that could reach  £33m. The likes of Arsenal, Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur have all been linked with the 27-year-old, but he is very happy at Aston Villa and will soon affirm his commitment to them with a new contract. Watkins has gone from strength-to-strength since making his Premier League debut, registering double figures of goals in each of his three seasons in the top flight. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Emery recently spoke of his love for Watkins in a recent press conference, revealing: "The striker is very important to me. I spoke with [Watkins] at the beginning [of my time here] about the relationship. I told him I want the best of you and the way he is doing - practising, being humble to improve - this is the way. "Then, he has a big career in his future. It's very important as well to try and speak about other players because he is not going to score if his teammates aren't helping him to do it. For us, Ollie Watkins is very important. He's not only scoring but his commitment every day, trying to add more work, watching his clips. "He's the first defence in our idea, trying to be consistent. He's working very well with the high pressing. He's trying to fight with the defenders. He's scoring and he's adding the best quality as a striker - the goal." Watkins has been on a tear in 2023 and is surely at the forefront of Gareth Southgate's thinking once again. No Premier League player has scored more goals this calendar year thus far, firing Aston Villa into European contention heading into the final stretch of the season. Player Team Games Goals Assists Ollie Watkins Aston Villa 15 11 3 Erling Haaland Man City 13 11 2 Harry Kane Tottenham 15 10 1 Marcus Rashford Man Utd 13 9 1 Gabriel Martinelli Arsenal 15 7 3 Bukayo Saka Arsenal 15 6 4 Mohamed Salah Liverpool 13 6 3 Brennan Johnson Nottingham Forest 15 6 2 Ivan Toney Brentford 13 6 1 Alexander Isak Newcastle 11 6 0 LISTEN NOW