Romelu Lukaku's agent has distanced his client from a return to Italy this summer, although he suggested the situation could change once the club's takeover is complete. Having hit the ground running after a blockbuster  £97.5m move from the Inter last year, the striker has largely flattered to deceive since September - with a barren run preceding an injury, a bout of Covid-19 and a now infamous, ill-advised interview with Italian media. 90min revealed last month that Chelsea are prepared to cut their losses on Lukaku and let him leave in the summer, with Inter and Paris Saint-Germain expressing an interest and Milan also linked. The Nerazzurri are still owed a substantial chunk of Lukaku's transfer fee, and therefore the finances required to make any deal possible are well within their means. However, following a sudden return to form with three goals in two games in the Premier League, Lukaku's agent Federico Pastorello has insisted a move away is not yet on the agenda with Chelsea's takeover still not complete. Todd Boehly's purchase of the club is expected to be rubber-stamped by the end of May.    Much ado about nothing,    he told La Repubblica when asked about a possible return to San Siro for the Belgian.    He has the club [Inter] and the fans in his heart, he has never hidden it, like his love for Anderlecht where he would like to end his career.    But we cannot think about negotiations. Chelsea are in takeover discussions, we do not know the new owners, let alone if we can open talks with Inter or AC Milan. We have to wait.    Listen now to 90min's Chelsea podcast  Wherever You May Be, hosted by  Olivia Buzaglo. Each week, Olivia and guests  Krishan Davis  &  Anita Abayomi  talk all things blue. In our latest episode, the team discuss Antonio Rudiger's departure, Chelsea's recent form and Reece James. Pastorello openly admitted his surprise at Lukaku's struggles since his big-money return to Stamford Bridge last year, although he defended his client's scoring record, adding:    For the cost of the transfer, no one could have expected such a situation.    I do not discuss the tactical choices, but it is obvious that there was a problem. The numbers, however, must be considered - he is still the team's best scorer, with less playing time compared to his teammates.