Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani has admitted he dreams of a move to the Premier League, but insisted he is prepared to listen to any offers this summer. The 24-year-old Frenchman has just enjoyed an excellent campaign in the Bundesliga, racking up 15 goals and 14 assists in 32 games, and that form has attracted plenty of interest from elsewhere. 90min understands that Bayern Munich are keen to keep Kolo Muani in Europe but have reservations about paying the striker's asking price, which is expected to exceed    90m - the sort of money which only a select few clubs could afford. Indeed, Paris Saint-Germain are known admirers, while there is also interest from the Premier League. Manchester United are known to have held talks recently but the Red Devils' current focus is Tottenham's Harry Kane. Speaking to Canal Football Club after his season came to a close, Kolo Muani admitted he was flattered by interest from PSG but insisted his 'dream' is to move to England. feed "It   s flattering that PSG are interested in you, like all the other big clubs. It   s not just because you come from the Parisian region and grow up there that you should automatically play for PSG," he explained. "Honestly, who doesn   t dream of playing in the Premier League? It   s one of the best leagues that exists. You dream about it. These are childhood dreams.  "But I   m not searching for the perfect club or the best club in the world. I   m really looking for the club that will give me the chance to be able to express myself, to earn game time and most importantly allow me to grow." Kolo Muani is one of a number of strikers who could be available this summer and those clubs who are chasing a new front man - Manchester United, Bayern, PSG, Chelsea and Real Madrid - have all drawn up long lists of potential targets. Alongside Kolo Muani, there are expected to be moves for Napoli's Victor Osimhen and Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund, while Kane also remains a key target for a number of sides across Europe. The Frenchman's latest comments come only days after the player had hinted at staying put this summer, suggesting it isn't the 'right time' to leave Frankfurt.