David Carmo only broke into the Braga first team a year ago. A year later, he's being heavily linked with some of Europe's top clubs - including Liverpool and Manchester United.  Since his debut in at the start of the year the central defender has become a crucial part of Os Arcebispos' senior team, and has emerged as the strongest defensive cog in their machine.   Here's everything you need to know about the 21-year-old... After a successful breakthrough in the second half of last season, Carmo attracted interest from Roma and Fiorentina of Serie A. With no bids received in the summer, Braga held onto their man.However, as Carmo has continued to perform for the Portuguese outfit, he has rapidly become a hot property and is now being watched by an array of European clubs, most notably Liverpool and Manchester United.  David Carmo has renewed his contract with Braga, signing until 2025       . pic.twitter.com/7KWBBZvf6x A 21-year old Portuguese prospect wouldn't ever be cheap, obviously. But matters were made worse for prospective buyers last month when Carmo signed a new contract. Judging by the reported  £27m Barcelona paid for former Braga winger Trincao in August, it's likely Carmo won't leave the club for anything below their doubtlessly high asking price. The centre-back's new deal will keep him at Braga until 2025. Unless, of course, the club receive an offer just too enticing to refuse.   Joao Filipe, Trincao, Ruben Vinagre... all these players took part in the @TournoiToulon 2018. One month later, they led Portugal to the U19 Euro title  ???Full story       https://t.co/pWY5iI9mlZ #U19Euro pic.twitter.com/CVT27xeTaO Carmo is a member of the up-and-coming Portuguese golden generation. The defender was part of the Under-19s side that won the Euros in that age group in 2018, and has since featured for the Under-20s. Carmo featured four times in the tournament, only missing the first group stage games. He helped the team keep two clean sheets in those four appearances, including a 5-0 thumping of Ukraine in the semi-final before playing the full 120 minutes as Portugal triumphed over Italy 4-3 after extra time to be crowned champions. It might not be very long until we see Carmo step onto the field as a senior national team player, as the likes of Jose Fonte and Pepe come to the end of their careers. The youngster stands at a whopping 6'5. He's an intimidating presence and, although he hasn't scored a professional goal yet, he has won 81% of aerial duels this season, showing he could certainly be a threat at set pieces.The centre back's height will no doubt also be called upon by Fernando Santos, whose Portugal side lack aerial prowess for the most part. 