Lionel Messi has officially signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Inter Miami, joining on a free transfer following his Paris Saint-Germain exit. The player will occupy a Designated Player slot on the roster.  "We are overjoyed that the greatest player in the world chose Inter Miami CF and Major League Soccer, and his decision is a testament to the momentum and energy behind our League and our sport in North America," said MLS commissioner Don Garber in a statement.  "We have no doubt that Lionel will show the world that MLS can be a league of choice for the best players in the game. We look forward to seeing his debut for Inter Miami in our Leagues Cup tournament later this month."  Lionel Messi's official MLS Inter Miami CF kits are available now. Messi previously announced his intention to play for the Major League Soccer side during a joint-interview with Mundo Deportivo and SPORT, revealing in June: "Leaving European football, much more after winning the World Cup, was what I needed." "I made the decision that I am going to go to Miami. I still haven't closed it 100%. I'm missing some things but we decided to continue the path." Though FC Barcelona remained confident of re-signing the 35-year-old for much of 2023 - with Messi's father, Jorge, even stating that his son wanted to return to the club at which he scored a record 672 goals in 778 appearances - the club's financial situation drove him to choose the American league. "I had offers from other European teams but I didn't even evaluate them because my idea was to go to Barcelona," Messi continued. "If the Barcelona thing didn't work out, then leaving European football, much more after winning the World Cup, was what I needed. Finishing my career on this side and living the United States league in a different way, enjoying day to day much more but with the same responsibility of wanting to win and always doing things well, but with more peace of mind." Now, Messi is expected to make his Inter Miami debut on July 21 during the team's inaugural Leagues Cup match against Cruz Azul at DRV PNK Stadium in Fort Lauderdale Florida.  He will also reunite with former Barcelona players Jordi Alba and Sergio Busquets, who will officially join Inter Miami later this week for their first training session.  The three played together in Spain from 2012 to 2021, winning five La Liga titles, six Copa del Rey and one Champions League.  The players will feature under former Barcelona head coach Gerardo 'Tata' Martino, who replaced Phil Neville as manager on June 28.  The reinforcements will serve Miami well, as they sit in last place of the Eastern Conference table with a mere 18 points in 21 games and a 5W-13L-3D record. The team has a long way to go before reaching an MLS playoffs spot, having to climb to one of the top nine places on the table.  