Borussia Dortmund starlet Youssoufa Moukoko is not close to signing a new contract with the club, his agent has confirmed while also talking up a possible free agent transfer in the summer. Moukoko is one of the brightest prospects anywhere in world football and has been playing first-team games for Dortmund since the age of 16. He was named in Germany   s 2022 World Cup squad aged just 17 and turned 18 at the start of the tournament in Qatar. The teenager has had more opportunities at club level this season following the summer departure of Erling Haaland and has 10 direct goal involvements in 14 Bundesliga appearances. It is the kind of form that has attracted interest in his services, especially given the fact that his Dortmund contract expires at the end of the season. There is a possibility he could be on the move as a free agent come summer, with talks with prospective new clubs permitted from January.    I can confirm that we are not about to conclude a contract extension with Borussia Dortmund,    Moukoko   s agent Patrick Williams has told Sky in Germany.    A player like Youssoufa is interesting for all top clubs in the world. Especially when he is free and has a future in the German national team.    Plenty of clubs are understandably keeping an eye on Moukoko. 90min previously reported that Chelsea have already made contact with the player   s representation following Endrick   s decision to choose Real Madrid     a deal made official in recent days. But Barcelona officials are also working hard to land Moukoko, spying an opportunity to secure a long-term asset for a heavily discounted price in January, or as a free agent in summer. Manchester United and Liverpool hold strong interest as well, while Arsenal and Tottenham have both also been kept informed of the situation. Harry Symeou hosts Andy Headspeath, Quentin Gesp and Jack Gallagher to look back on the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia - join us! If you can   t see the podcast embed, click  here  to download or listen to the episode in full!