Liverpool have seen a bid of  £35m plus add-ons for Romeo Lavia turned down by Southampton, sources have confirmed to 90min. The Reds have already brought in Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton & Hove Albion and Dominik Szoboszlai from RB Leipzig this summer, but they are looking to conduct further business in the transfer market. 90min revealed earlier in July that Liverpool were set to battle it out with Arsenal and Chelsea for Southampton star Lavia, with the need for further reinforcements heightened by the potential sales of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. The former's proposed move to Al Ittihad has hit a temporary snag, as the clubs negotiate the make-up of the  £40m deal and when payments will be made, but Henderson looks on course to join former team-mate Steven Gerrard at Al Ettifaq, earning a bumper pay day in the process. Sources close to Southampton have now confirmed to 90min that a bid from Liverpool for Lavia, worth  £35m plus add-ons, has been rejected, with the offer described as 'miles away' from the club's valuation. feed Indeed, it's believed Southampton are looking for at least  £50m for 19-year-old Lavia, who impressed greatly last season despite the club's relegation to the Championship. Southampton are not in a rush to sell Lavia - knowing they could generate income from selling captain James Ward-Prowse - and are happy to keep him at St Mary's if Liverpool, or any other interested party, fail to meet their valuation. Lavia joined the Saints last summer from Manchester City having only played two games at senior level before, but quickly emerged as one of Europe's finest young midfielders during his first year on the south coast.  City retain a buy-back clause worth  £40m which will become active next summer if he is still at Southampton, while Arsenal and Chelsea remain interested in Lavia and are keeping apprised of developments. Manchester United and Newcastle had previously touched base too, but they have not made contact recently and are looking at other targets.