Paris Saint-Germain have made it clear to Kylian Mbappe that they do not want him to leave for nothing next summer, sources have told 90min. Mbappe confirmed to PSG earlier this month that the option of another year on his contract, which needs to be activated by July 31, will not be utilised, meaning he will be free to leave the club next summer on a free transfer. PSG were caught off-guard by Mbappe's declaration as their belief was that even if the player was to move, he would sign an extension and that would enable them to sell in 2024. However, PSG are now in a precarious position and realise that Mbappe could sign a pre-contract with another club in January. 90min understands that talks have taken place in recent days between PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi and Fayza Lamari - Mbappe's mother and agent. During the meeting, it is understood that Al-Khelaifi made clear the club's stance. If Mbappe is not prepared to sign a new deal, they will look to sell him this summer. feed PSG officials told Lamari that they do not want the issue to turn into a saga and they would like the situation resolved sooner rather than later, indicating their preference for a quick sale. Al-Khelaifi is anxious to avoid a toxic parting of ways and insists PSG will respect the decision of Mbappe, but they do not want to see him walking away for nothing. Lamari delieved the message to her son and now PSG are awaiting the response, but sources have told 90min that they are already drawing up the package they would demand to sell Mbappe - understood to be worth around    200m. It remains to be seen if anyone would be willing to part with that sort of fee for Mbappe, especially given he is a free agent in 12 months. Real Madrid, who unsuccessfully tried to sign Mbappe in 2021, remain interested and they do have a hole in their squad to fill after Karim Benzema's decision to move to Saudi Arabia.  However, with Harry Kane now agitating for a move away from Tottenham, officials are exploring all possible options this summer. They have also looked closely at Inter's Lauturo Martinez and Napoli's Victor Osimhen.