Gary Lineker (1986), Marcelo Salas (1998), Gilberto Silva (2002), Mesut Ozil (2010), and James Rodriguez (2014). No, this isn't a cross-generation and pretty unbalanced five-a-side outfit, but just a few of the players who earned major moves after starring on the grandest stage.  The World Cup has unearthed gem after gem over the years with the tournament functioning as the ultimate shop window. Typically played throughout the summer transfer window, clubs utilise the World Cup as a convenient scouting tool as they attempt to bolster their playing squad ahead of the new season.  Things will be a little bit different in 2022 given that, you know, the tournament's being played in the winter and all, but the January transfer window will come around swiftly following the competition's conclusion on 18 December. Thus, several players will be using the World Cup as a means of potentially earning a move at the start of 2023. Here are a few that will be keen to impress potential suitors in Qatar. Following a slow start to 2022/23 Youri Tielemans has shown signs of returning to his best form ahead of the World Cup. The midfielder's rediscovery of his finest self was best exemplified by his outrageous strike against Everton on Bonfire Night.Tielemans' return to form is a timely one considering Roberto Martinez will be leaning on his vastly experienced midfield to spearhead Belgium's World Cup campaign.The Leicester man will play a huge role for the Red Devils and there's no doubt that a whole host of clubs will be keeping an eye on him given his situation at Leicester. While the Foxes are hopeful that Tielemans signs a contract extension, the midfielder deserves a big move away and he could be available on a free transfer next summer. Apparently, there was something about an interview? Anyone heard anything about it? Piers Morgan certainly hasn't done a good enough job of promoting it, that's for sure!If you hadn't grasped the sarcasm, shame on you. Ronaldo's "explosive" discussion with Morgan has all but ended his Manchester United career and he'll surely be moving on in January. However, he was keen to depart in the summer but a lack of interested clubs meant he remained at Old Trafford.A big World Cup with hopefuls Portugal may convince a couple of clubs to take a big financial risk and acquire Ronaldo in 2023. Jonathan David and Alphonso Davies are the two budding stars of second-timers Canada. They've garnered plenty of hype heading into the tournament and John Herdman will be leaning on David in the final third.The Canadian striker is quickly developing into one of Europe's finest. After scoring 28 goals over the past two Ligue 1 seasons with Lille, David has scored nine times in 15 games to begin 2022/23.The 22-year-old will enter the World Cup in fine fettle and a big move is certainly on the horizon no matter his or Canada's performance in Qatar. A strong showing will undoubtedly hasten David's rise, however. Croatia are still clinging on to some of their contemporary greats. Players like Luka Modric and Ivan Perisic will once again play big roles, but Zlatko Dalic also has some exciting fresh blood to call upon. Lovro Majer will play in his first major tournament this winter after he was named in Dalic's 26-man squad. The hairband-donning Croat, who could easily be mistaken for a younger iteration of Modric from afar, is now plying his trade with Rennes in France and poised to enjoy a breakout tournament.Named in L'Equipe's Ligue 1 Team of the Season following a stellar debut campaign with Rennes, the creative Majer is one to keep an eye on at the World Cup. Expect him to have a big impact off the bench.  Hakim Ziyech bagged that postage stamp of a strike against Tottenham earlier this year and seemingly disappeared off the face of the earth. The winger has barely featured for Chelsea this season and he'll surely be heading through the exit door soon. After retiring from international football seven months ago, a managerial change has seen Ziyech return to the fold where he'll operate as one of the stars in a sneaky-good Morocco side. Could this tournament rejuvenate the winger's stagnating career? Worshipped as the Second Coming of Christ in his homeland, expectations are sky-high for Christian Pulisic as the USA attempt to upset a few in Qatar.However, the Pulisic that evolved into Lionel Messi during that weird lockdown period of Premier League football is a distant memory. The American is now a bit-part player for the Blues and a move away seems best for all parties. The exuberant winger is certainly gifted and will have his fair share of suitors if Chelsea do put him up for sale. An impressive tournament with the unfancied USMNT will aid the Blues' ability to get Pulisic off their books.  Every Premier League club seemingly thought about signing PSV skipper Cody Gakpo in the summer, but the Dutchman remained in Eindhoven. Gakpo's departure is inevitable next year, but where he ends up is a mystery. What is certain is that the versatile forward will play a prominent role for Louis van Gaal's side at the World Cup. Gakpo has three goals in nine caps for the national team and will line up in Van Gaal's fluid front three in Qatar. The 23-year-old has thrived for the Netherlands during the primitive stages of his international career. Just how well he performs over the next month could determine the calibre of clubs that are in for him next year. 