While he may have become a figure of ridicule for many football fans, there is a sadness about the way Harry Maguire's time at Manchester United has panned out. Arriving with all the pressure that comes with an  £80m price tag, the England international arguably faced a losing battle from the moment he signed from Leicester. However, things weren't always as bleak at Old Trafford for Maguire, who was recently stripped of the Red Devils captaincy and replaced as permanent skipper by Bruno Fernandes. There were times he showed he can be a very good defender at Man Utd, particularly in the early stages of his time there. Maguire has now been told by Erik ten Hag he is free to leave United, with the Dutch manager even encouraging the centre back to pursue an exit having fallen down the pecking order dramatically in 2022/23. He is simply not as good as Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez and United may still add another defender during the transfer window. There are some potential options for Maguire this summer should he look to force a move, so here are some linked teams. Chelsea fans may squint at this prospect, but there is logic behind it.The recent anterior cruciate injury suffered by Wesley Fofana means Chelsea are light at the back and 90min has reported on the contact made with Man Utd about the England defender's situation.The Frenchman will be out of action for the majority of the 2023/24 season as his rotten luck with injuries continues, so there is a clear need to enter the market. The injury also means Levi Colwill is likely to stay put.It is favourable for United to sell him outright but they would entertain the idea of a loan and that would certainly suit Chelsea. It is unlikely Mauricio Pochettino would have enquired for Maguire if Fofana had not got injured, so a loan seems much more appealing. Another genuine link has come from West Ham. The Hammers have a genuine war chest to invest with following the exit of Declan Rice to Arsenal and some of that cash could be stumped up for Maguire, even though Irons boss David Moyes stayed coy when asked about reports of his side's interest.There is a lot that makes sense about this transfer, particularly from Maguire's perspective. He would still be very visible to England manager Gareth Southgate by remaining in the Premier League and would get a lot more game time than if he stayed at Old Trafford.Europa League football is also on offer at London Stadium after the success in the Europa Conference League. Tottenham have had a bit of a nightmare when it comes to centre backs in recent memory. The likes of Cristian Romero, Eric Dier, Davinson Sanchez and Clement Lenglet all left a lot to be desired during the 2022/23 campaign. Spurs' eighth-placed finish was their lowest since 2008/09, also becoming the first team in 15 years to both score and concede more than 60 goals in a single Premier League season. A new signing at the back is a pressing priority, with Edmond Tapsoba and Mickey van de Ven among their top targets.While Spurs may have loftier ambitions in the Premier League than West Ham, their interest in Maguire is previously documented with new manager Ange Postecoglou giving his approval to sign a new centre-back. Given he is a prominent international defender who plays for a huge club, Maguire will be a consideration for any side losing a similar player this summer. With Kim Min-jae departing for Bayern Munich this summer, Napoli are one such side.It's hard to imagine Maguire in another country but there is a space in the Serie A champions' squad he could fill. It would be a very different situation for Maguire to adjust to and Napoli would almost certainly want a loan deal with an option to buy. Some reconciliation would also be needed between Maguire and Aurelio De Laurentiis after the Napoli president made some choice comments about the defender.He said three years ago: "In England, you know, they can spend    93m on a player that  I would pay a maximum of    25-30m for. So, if Maguire costs    93m, then Koulibaly is worth    250m?"