Rose Lavelle's dog will not be joining her in Manchester this season. The USWNT star spoke to the press on Wednesday about her move to Manchester City, how it came about and her NWSL rights trade     but her internet-infamous English bulldog Wilma Jean Wrinkles got some attention of her own.  .@roselavelle ? The club is one of the best in the world. The resource they put on both men and women definitely drew me there. There's a lot of resource and support - that   s a great environment and something I felt I needed. ? #ManCity | https://t.co/axa0klD5re pic.twitter.com/dM0n6d7Q9n Lavelle will join international teammate Sam Mewis at the Etihad Campus when she comes over from the US shortly, the latter's arrival being announced a week before the former's, and 25-year-old admitted that the pair have been discussing their first overseas spells.  "Me and Sam were definitely keeping each other in the loop with our decisions," she said. "I don't think it was the deciding factor for either of us, but it definitely helps to have a familiar face over there     not just a familiar face, but one of my best friends. To experience this with her is going to be awesome." Another of their American teammates, Carli Lloyd, had a brief spell in Manchester back in 2017, winning the FA Cup and getting sent off for elbowing Annie Heatherson in the face. Lavelle added: "Carli has had nothing but great things to say about it, hearing her talk about it I knew that it was going to be a great environment, she raved about it." Lavelle's move to City comes paired with a trade in her native NWSL, where her player rights were transferred from the Washington Spirit to OL Reign for a 2022 first round draft pick and $100,000.  OL Reign has acquired @washspirit midfielder @roselavelle. Read more about the transaction here: https://t.co/pYpfOrff55 pic.twitter.com/1kEsHOLh9R She admitted that she had hoped the Spirit would retain her rights until she came back, but insisted that she bore no ill will to her former franchise for trading her away.  "I don't know when I'm going to come back to the NWSL," Lavelle said. "I hoped that when I did it would be with the Spirit, but I know that coming overseas without a definitive timeline of when I'll be back put them in a difficult position. I understand the business side of it and why they wanted to trade my rights - it makes sense.  "I had to do what was best for me, they had to what they felt was best for them. Richie [Burke, Spirit coach] gave me a call and let me know they were trading my rights to the Reign, I thanked him for everything and left on good terms. I have nothing but great things to say about the Spirit." WE MOVE! Welcome to City, @roselavelle ! ?? #ManCity  | https://t.co/axa0klUGiM pic.twitter.com/U3SXgo4meJ As for what City fans can expected, she added: "I like to think that I'm a creative player, I hope I can bring some flair and playmaking into the final third. There's a lot of great attacking players I can hopefully combine with, but it's a very talented team so by no means am I going to walk in and play immediately     I have to earn that spot."