Both Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur have been tipped to move for Juventus forward Paulo Dybala if the Argentine hits the market this summer. Dybala will enter the final 12 months of his contract at the end of the season and, although talks over an extension have been dragging on for months, an agreement is yet to be found. Things got a little awkward back in December when Dybala claimed talks had not been opened, forcing club president Andrea Agnelli to publicly question what he was doing. Director Fabio Paratici recently confirmed that Juventus remain keen to tie Dybala down to a new deal, but that is seemingly not as easy as they would have hoped, and now France Football (via Sport Witness) have named Chelsea and Spurs as potential suitors if talks continue to stall. As the story goes, the two London clubs would be 'willing to pay' up to  £50m to lure Dybala over to the Premier League. 90min confirmed back in December that Dybala's representatives had been in touch with the Premier League's 'big six' - Chelsea, Spurs, Manchester United, Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal - after the 27-year-old started to doubt his future in Italy.     Cristiano Ronaldo    Robert Lewandowski    Erling Haaland    Paul Pogba     Zlatan IbrahimovicSome of the biggest names in football, represented by "Super Agents" ?    pic.twitter.com/vNq2xZNit4 He started just ten games in all competitions before going down with a nasty knee injury in January which has kept him out of action ever since, and his limited role in the team prompted concerns over whether remaining in Turin would be the right move for his career. Whether either Chelsea or Spurs are actually ready to pay  £50m for Dybala is a different matter. It's hard to see Chelsea throwing that kind of money at yet another second-striker, particularly if they are planning to drop over  £100m on Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland as well. A move to Spurs would make some sense. They were strongly linked with Dybala back in 2019 and were expected to get a deal over the line until talks broke down late on, and Jose Mourinho may look to reignite his interest to give his side another attacking option. If Dybala does actually hit the market, there could be a handful of other suitors keen to snap up a player who was one of the game's most dangerous forwards just a few years ago.