After two rollercoaster seasons, the ballad of David Luiz at Arsenal seems to be coming to an end.  The Brazilian's deal is set to expire in the summer and with the Gunners yet to tie him down for another year the player's representatives have begun touting his name around to various clubs, both in Europe and further afield.  The question is, where would Luiz's talents be best utilised? 90min, selflessly, has done all the leg work for you, so check out the five potential destinations for the Premier League...stalwart? Luiz was tenuously linked with a return to Brazil a few months back and while it is probably a year too early for that, a second coming at one of his former clubs is not out of the question.Benfica are well off the pace in Liga NOS and could be tempted to go after Luiz, whose winning experience might help them close the gap. The defender has previously worked with manager Jorge Jesus as well.However, the Eagles already have two ex-Premier League veteran defenders on their books in Jan Vertonghen and Nicolas Otamendi. Adding another one to the mix would likely be overkill. Suitability rating: 2/10Likelihood rating: 2/10 There is a lot more to this than: "well, he speaks Portuguese."Luiz's best performances have mainly come as part of a back three in recent times, a system that Nuno Espirito Santo knows all too well.Wolves also have one of the thinnest squad in the Premier League and this, combined with the extraordinary amount of games they have played over the last two seasons, has resulted in damaging fatigue this term. Luiz could be a cost effective way to add some depth to the squad, particularly with Romain Saiss' new contract not yet confirmed. The only stumbling block could be his high wages. Suitability rating: 4/10Likelihood rating: 3/10 Luiz's representatives have already approached an unnamed MLS franchise over the possibility of signing the defender. A little bit of detective work narrows the list of potential suitors down somewhat. Thanks to his high wages, Luiz would have to be a Designated Player and several of the league's big hitters already have their three permitted slots filled. Both New York teams, Philadelphia Union and Los Angeles FC could all be interested but it remains to be seen whether the Brazilian wants to wind down his European career. Suitability rating: 6/10Likelihood rating: 4/10