90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Chelsea are 'seriously considering' a move for Mike Maignan as they look for a new number one, but AC Milan are reluctant to sell the France international. (L'Equipe) Paris Saint-Germain are stepping up their efforts to sign Victor Osimhen, who is viewed as the best option to play next to Kylian Mbappe in their frontline. (Le Parisien)  Brighton want  £70m and Levi Colwill from Chelsea for midfield star Moises Caicedo, though the Blues consider Colwill untouchable. (Telegraph) Manchester United have told Kim Min-jae's camp they are keen to sign the defender, but their search for a striker is considered a more pressing matter. (Sky Sports) West Ham could ask for Emile Smith Rowe to be included in a deal if Arsenal pursue Declan Rice. (Sun) The Gunners are keeping tabs on Leicester full-back Timothy Castagne with Mikel Arteta wary of Takehiro Tomiyasu's injury record. (Het Belang van Limburg) If Bayern Munich miss out on Rice, they could turn to 2022 World Cup star Sofyan Amrabat. (Sky Sports) Manchester City are happy to let Aymeric Laporte leave this summer, with the club now in talks to sign RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol. (Football Insider) Al Ahli are prepared to offer winger Riyad Mahrez a contract worth  £40m to leave City. (Mirror) manual Real Madrid will bring in Getafe goalkeeper David Soria as back-up for Thibaut Courtois. (Mundo Deportivo) Juventus do not plan to activate their    7m option to permanently sign Arkadiusz Milik from Marseille but are trying to negotiate a lower fee. Lazio are also keen. (Sky Sports) Erik ten Hag has no interest in selling Victor Lindelof, who impressed when filling in during Man Utd's injury crisis and has since attracted interest from Eintracht Frankfurt. (BILD) West Ham are targeting a move for Almeria striker El Bilal Toure, who is valued by the La Liga club at  £34m. Everton, Wolves and Burnley are also interested. (Football Insider) Roma could look to cash in on    40m rated defender Roger Ibanez, with Tottenham leading their Premier League rivals for his signature. (Gazzetta dello Sport)