Arsenal's majesty on the pitch hasn't quite been matched by their performance off of it during the January transfer window.  While the Gunners sit in an imperious position at the top of the Premier League table, many supporters feel that an extra attacking option is required to ensure they can sustain their title bid.  The possibility of Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka being run into the ground may eventually stunt their charge, and the enormity of the opportunity that has been presented to them means the club can ill-afford to be inactive in the transfer market this month.  For so long, Mykhailo Mudryk seemed destined to arrive in north London before their move was hijacked by London rivals Chelsea. The Blues moved with ruthless efficiency while Arsenal pondered, and now the onus is on Edu to seek out alternative options.  Here's a look at who the Gunners could, and perhaps should, target. Mitoma has been one of the breakout stars of the 2022/23 Premier League season and Mikel Arteta was treated to his brilliance first-hand on New Year's Eve.The Japanese international is a wonderful ball carrier who excels in one-vs-one situations. He's the profile of winger Arteta loves, and there's no doubt the Spaniard would get the very best out of the 25-year-old who is loving life on the south coast.However, with Leandro Trossard poised to leave the club this month, Brighton will not want to sell Mitoma as well. Thus, it'd take a hefty bid from the Gunners to bring the Seagulls to the negotiating table. After his initially promising World Cup campaign fizzled out, Ferran Torres returned to Barcelona with reports emerging that the financially-stricken club are ready to move on from the former Manchester City man.The Spaniard has struggled in front of goal at times, but the club's haste at which they supposedly want to ditch the versatile forward is a little peculiar. Nevertheless, Arsenal could benefit from Barca's decision to put Ferran on the chopping block by snapping him up before the end of the month. Arteta would certainly appreciate the 22-year-old   s impressive technical quality - he's a valuable outlet who strikes the ball cleanly. There's bags of potential to play with here, but Barca could demand a rather large fee. This is a deal that appears unlikely given Bayer Leverkusen's lofty valuation of their star winger, but Arsenal's pursuit of Mudryk highlighted that the club has serious funds at their disposal.A move for Moussa Diaby would cost close to    100m this month.Nevertheless, the Frenchman is a special talent who's deserving of his monster price tag. He's produced at an unrelenting rate in the Bundesliga over the past couple of years and, unlike previous exports from the German top flight that have struggled in the Premier League, Diaby isn't reliant on open space to excel.He shines in tight spaces thanks to his two-footedness, while his variance in possession has seen him develop into a one-vs-one specialist. Diaby can go both ways, occupy either flank, and score just as proficiently as he can create. 