Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio has firmly ruled out a move for Barcelona wantaway Lionel Messi this summer.  The disgruntled Argentine stunned the football world via fax last week, as he alerted the Bar  a hierarchy of his desire to leave the club before the start of the 2020/21 campaign, declaring that he'll activate a clause to unilaterally end his contract.  His desired departure, however, is set to be an incredibly complex one, with La Liga insisting Messi won't be able to leave Catalonia unless his    700m release clause is met. It doesn't appear the 33-year-old will be able to exit on a free transfer.  Nevertheless, Inter emerged as one of the many clubs with a supposed interest in acquiring the Barcelona great, although an already unlikely move to the Nerazzurri has been firmly shunned by sporting director Ausilio.     We   re not going to sign Leo Messi. I don   t even know where are coming from these crazy rumours," he said, speaking to Sky Sports Italia. Ausilio was similarly dismissive of a potential move for Chelsea's N'Golo Kant  : "No chance. He   s not a target. "Our transfer market will be prudent and it will be done with a lot of attention. It will be planned through the sales that we make." Speaking of which, much has been made of the future of Lautaro Martinez throughout the spring and summer, with El Toro linked with a    111m switch to Barcelona.  Ausilio, however, is sure Lautaro will remain in Milan for next season, remarking:    We never started official talks with Barcelona for Lautaro Martinez. The day after the release clause expired we considered him out of the market. It   s over   . Lautaro's stay is a huge boost for Antonio Conte, who guided Inter to second in Serie A - just a point off champions Juventus - and the Europa League final in his debut season at the helm, and the Nerazzurri will be confident of usurping the Bianconeri's domination of Calcio over the past decade next time around. Astute work in the transfer market will be key, though, and it appears Inter are set to welcome two more additions following the arrival of Achraf Hakimi earlier this summer. 