Liverpool have confirmed new signing Alexis Mac Allister will wear the number 10 shirt most recently associated with Sadio Mane. The 24-year-old has arrived at Anfield on a long-term contract after rising to prominence with Brighton & Hove Albion over the past three seasons. Mac Allister also played a crucial role in Argentina's World Cup success last December, scoring the opening goal against Poland in a vital group stage win. He previously wore the number 10 shirt at the AMEX Stadium and will do so again on Merseyside, with the number vacant last season after Sadio Mane's surprise departure to Bayern Munich. The Senegalese international wore the number for four seasons after originally taking 19 upon his arrival from Southampton. Philippe Coutinho, Luis Garcia, Michael Owen and John Barnes are four recognisable names to have worn 10 since regular squad numbers were introduced, and manager Jurgen Klopp revealed to Liverpool's official website how much of a boost Mac Allister's signing is for the club. "We are adding a very talented, very smart, very technically skilled boy to our squad and this is super news, really it is," Klopp said. "I do not think the football world needs me to say too much about Alexis' qualities because they are already pretty well known but it is clear that he is someone who can play in a number of positions in the midfield and is an all-rounder, I would say. He is calm and composed and someone with proper game intelligence. feed "My admiration and respect for what Brighton are doing is well known and Alexis has been a part of the journey that they have been on in becoming one of the toughest and best sides in the Premier League. "I'm really happy his next steps will now be with us and we get to work with a player who is already excellent and experienced, but also has so much more to come given he is just 24 years old. "He is just as excited to be joining and working with us and that already makes it a good partnership, but there is no pressure on him. He is still so young, so it is obvious he will only improve and our job is to help him take the next steps. "I'm grateful to everyone at the club who helped make this transfer happen and I am sure I speak for everyone here when I say I cannot wait to start working with Alexis." In addition to Mac Allister, 90min understands Liverpool hope to add a further two midfielders to their squad in a bid to challenge for next season's Premier League title. Manu Kone and Khephren Thuram are two players the club are actively in talks with over potential moves, although they do have a number of other transfer targets shortlisted. Outgoings wise, Roberto Firmino, Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner are leaving on free transfers, while there could be defensive casualties in a bid to freshen up Klopp's backline.