Manchester United defender Luke Shaw has joked about tapping up England teammates Harry Kane and Declan Rice, both of whom are transfer targets for the club this summer. The trio are currently part of the England squad training at United's Carrington training facilities ahead of Monday night   s Euro 2024 qualifier against North Macedonia at Old Trafford. Shaw set pulses racing on social media at the weekend when he shared images of himself with Kane and Rice, alongside the teasing caption 'Carrington tour'. Naturally, it was a topic that came up when the left-back then beside manager Gareth Southgate for the pre-match press conference. "I was half joking, it is a bit of both. But if it was down to me, I would take them in a heartbeat. Hopefully they like it and can get used to it," Shaw said. feed "I would love a few of them to join - I am not going to lie," Shaw said of his England teammates. "I am speaking to them, telling them how good Manchester is, because I know their qualities. "I know they are world-class players and they would be a massive help to us but I can only say so much. It is up to the club and whatever they decide, so we have to go from there. It is not normally discussed but, because of the time of the season, there is a lot of talk, a lot of banter." Kane is about to enter the final year of his Tottenham contract, prompting uncertainty over his future and interest from Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid in addition to United. However,  90min understands that Spurs have already made clear to the England captain that they won   t sell him, even to a foreign club like Real for  £100m. West Ham, on the other hand, are ready to let Rice move on      a fact surprisingly confirmed by Hammers chief David Sullivan in the wake of the recent Europa Conference League final. United, Chelsea, Manchester City are all interested in the midfielder, although it is Arsenal who have led things so far and have made progress in talks with West Ham. That being said, a first Gunners bid worth an initial  £80m plus  £10m in add-ons, falling short of the  £100m valuation, was rejected.