Chelsea centre-back Antonio Rudiger has once again been pressed on his future at Stamford Bridge, insisting that the decision is ultimately out of his hands. Rudiger's contract is set to expire in the summer and talks over a new deal have long been at an impasse, with Chelsea's wage offers consistently falling short of matching the defender's desire to become one of the club's best-paid players. The Germany international has enjoyed a stellar 12 months since head coach Thomas Tuchel took the reins, salvaging his reputation and winning three major trophies under his compatriot - most notably the 2021 UEFA Champions League.  Speaking to The Athletic, Rudiger suggested the ball was in Chelsea's court when it came to resolving his future.     I feel great here, I have always said it," the Germany international said. "I think the way I play you can see that I   m happy here. But there are also other people who have to make decisions.    The 28-year-old is already free to negotiate his next move, and 90min understands as many as 11 top European clubs are vying for the rare opportunity to sign a top class player without paying a transfer fee - including Chelsea's main Premier League rivals and the likes of Real Madrid, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain on the continent. 90min revealed last month that behind the scenes Chelsea are growing increasingly fearful of losing Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta for nothing in the summer, with all their contracts due to expire simultaneously. In each case the sticking point is either the disparity between Chelsea's terms and the player's wage demands, or the emergence of better offers from elsewhere. Speaking after winning the Club World Cup at Palmeiras' expense on Sunday, Rudiger did offer some hope that his future might lie in west London as he revealed his desire to win the Premier League - something the Blues are highly unlikely to do this season as they now sit 16 points behind leaders Man City.    Of course I want to win the Premier League," he said.    I just want to help, I just want to be important and lead by example. This is the main thing. We all showed character against Palmeiras. None of us gave up.