Pep Guardiola has openly admitted Leroy Sane will not be signing a new contract at Manchester City, revealing the winger has turned down 'two or three' proposals from the club to extend his stay. The Catalan boss was speaking in his pre-match press conference ahead of the Citizens' game against Burnley on Monday, and one of the main topics of discussion was the future of the Germany international. PEP ? Leroy has rejected to extend his contract. Everyone knows. If at the end of the season two clubs agree he can leave, if not he will leave at the end of his contract. The club offered two or three times and he rejected it. With Guardiola now confirming that City's efforts to keep hold of Sane have fallen flat, he said a move away will happen if an agreement can be found with a buying club this summer. "Leroy has rejected to extend his contract," he said. "Everyone knows. If at the end of the season two clubs agree he can leave, if not he will leave at the end of his contract. The club offered two or three times and he rejected it." "When we make an offer to a player it's because we want him. He has special quality. We want players who want to play with the club to achieve targets. He is a nice guy and I love him so much. I have nothing against - but he wants another adventure." Sane is yet to play a single minute in the Premier League this season after suffering a serious knee injury in the Community Shield back in August, which came at a time when Bayern Munich were chasing his signature.  All. Set. ? @premierleague #Restart #LS19 #inSan   A post shared by  Leroy San   (@leroysane19) on Jun 16, 2020 at 10:52am PDT As far back as July it was revealed by 90min that Sane was open to moving to the Bundesliga side, with the following updates being that the forward was growing 'anxious' over the move, as he wished to tie up the details as soon as possible. Whether he moves away in the summer or sees out the remainder of his final year with the club remains to be seen, as the financial impact of the coronavirus outbreak could lessen Bayern's spending power, but either way, his City days are numbered. Aside from likely exits, Guardiola also confirmed that David Silva and Claudio Bravo will remain at the club until the end of the season, with short-term deals to see out the 2019/20 campaign to be arranged. A positive update was also given on Eric Garcia, who was forced off against Arsenal on a stretcher after a nasty collision with goalkeeper Ederson, with the Spanish tactician since revealing that the defender is now "feeling good". "As you know, the Premier League rules that when there's a concussion, it   s a protocol to be one week/10 days off," he said. "We saw Eric yesterday and of course he has damaged his face. He left hospital and he feels quite good after what happened."