Manchester City remain undecided as to whether Kalvin Phillips will remain at the club next season, 90min understands. Phillips joined City last summer in  £45m deal from Leeds United, but having arrived with an injury he was never able to make a major impact on the season. He was limited to just two Premier League starts all season, with both form and fitness playing a part in limiting his minutes. Despite his struggles for game time, Phillips has thus far had little threat to his place in the England squad, having been picked for the World Cup finals in Qatar and the most recent Euro 2024 qualifiers, which saw him score in the thrashing of North Macedonia. However, sources have told 90min that Three Lions chief Gareth Southgate has told Phillips that he cannot afford a repeat of this season if he wants to retain his place ahead of the European finals next summer. City are also believed to be far from certain that Phillips is a genuine fit for their squad, and there could yet be part of their plan to move him on. There are several clubs interested in Phillips should he decide that he does need to leave. West Ham, who are looking for Declan Rice's replacement ahead of his imminent move away from the club, are known admirers of Phillips, while Newcastle are also believed to been keeping a close eye on the situation. feed As it stands, however, Phillips insists he is not looking to leave the treble winners. "I cannot give it 12 months and say I am not playing so I am going to leave, my intention is to stay there. We have just won the treble, so there is no reason for me to leave," Phillips told the media. "To be honest I was injured before I even went to City, so that is one of the main reasons why I was injured so much.  "I came to Manchester City to win trophies and we won the trophies, but I didn't play as much as I wanted to do. "[City teammates] all said the first 12 months were the hardest of their City careers but after that, it doesn't become easy, but easier. "I'm just going to go away for the off-season and enjoy myself with my family and girlfriend and friends and then come back fighting. "I will definitely speak to Pep [Guardiola]. I'll probably leave it until I go back for pre-season, but I'll just speak to him and have a good conversation."