To say Arsenal's first full-season under Mikel Arteta has been a transitional one is an understatement. The Gunners are currently in ninth position in the Premier League having lost 11 games already - that's one more than they lost in the entire 2019/20 campaign when they finished in a disappointing eighth. A difficult campaign was inevitable, but some have been less understanding when it comes to the size of the task at hand. During the Christmas period, Arteta finally settled on a system and since then, the team have shown signs of improvement in terms of their performances - although the results haven't always told the full story.  It is clear the squad still requires further strengthening but given Arsenal could be without European football next season and the financial impact of the pandemic, they may have to pick and choose their priorities. At 90min, we took a look at which areas pose the most urgent need ahead of the summer transfer window. Hector Bellerin could be headed for the exit door this summer. It's understood that the player wishes to embark on a new challenge and given he is a sellable asset, a transfer feels as though it could be the best move for all involved.However, if he is to depart, Arsenal would have to rely on Cedric Soares and Callum Chambers to fill the position. In Chambers' case, there is much debate around whether or not that is his strongest position. The former Southampton man impressed at West Ham in the Gunners' last Premier League outing. However, he still has a lot to prove if he's to establish himself as a direct replacement for Bellerin.Maitland-Niles is due to return in the summer, another player capable of playing at right-back - in this case, the solution could be found internally. Kieran Tierney has proven himself more than worthy of being the club's first choice left-back. However, injuries have been an issue for the 23-year-old ever since he joined the Gunners. Having allowed both Sead Kolasinac and Ainsley Maitland-Niles to leave on loan, Arsenal left themselves desperately short of cover for the former Celtic man and were forced to turn to Cedric Soares, a right-back, to fill in.For the most part, he did a fantastic job, however, with the futures of both Kolasinac and Maitland-Niles up in the air, Arteta should be looking at somebody to provide natural cover to Tierney in the event he is absent for a period of time.Finances are likely to be tight at the Emirates Stadium this summer and as a result, the club will need to get creative in the transfer market.Southampton's Ryan Bertrand, who is out of contract at the end of the season and a Champions League winner, feels like a good backup option on a free transfer. The Arsenal boss has some decisions to make when it comes to his striking options. Having tied Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang down to a new contract last year, the Gabonese striker's form hasn't been as impressive as last season.This time around, it is Alexandre Lacazette who will be entering into the final year of contract at the Emirates Stadium - but does Arteta feel both strikers are worth making a significant investment in at this stage of their careers or will he look towards the longer-term future? Eddie Nketiah and Folarin Balogun have struggled to get a look in and exits for both appear to be on the cards.Gabriel Martinelli could be converted into a striker and provide Arsenal with an internal solution to a potential exit for Lacazette. Either way, it's an area that needs addressing. Celtic striker Odsonne Edouard continues to be linked with a move to north London but before anybody comes in, the future of those currently at the club need resolving.