90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester City playmaker Bernardo Silva is closing in on a move to Saudi Arabia despite interest from Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. (Marca) Manchester United may look to offer Harry Maguire or Scott McTominay in a player-plus-cash deal for West Ham captain Declan Rice. (Telegraph) Real Madrid have abandoned their pursuit of Tottenham striker Harry Kane in favour of waiting to sign Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer next year. (Marca) Chelsea have rejected a second offer from Manchester United worth  £50m for Mason Mount, and have proposed a deal worth  £65m in total. (The Athletic) Napoli have slapped a huge    180m ( £155m) valuation on star striker Victor Osimhen, who is on the shortlist of United, Chelsea and PSG. (Le Parisien) Newcastle are close to agreeing personal terms with AC Milan midfielder Sandro Tonali. A contract running until 2029 worth    10m including add-ons per season is being discussed as the two clubs look to agree a fee. (Fabrizio Romano) Jurgen Klopp has given the green light for Liverpool to make an official move for Bayern Munich midfielder Ryan Gravenberch. (The Mirror) Arsenal are closing in on the signing of Chelsea forward Kai Havertz after agreeing a deal in principle worth  £65m. (The Athletic) Clubs in Saudi Arabia are prepared to pay over  £30m in instalments to land Thomas Partey from Arsenal. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Manchester United have switched their attention to Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana as contract negotiations with David de Gea continue to drag on. (Sky Italy) Barcelona are the club most interested in signing Joao Cancelo from Manchester City on a permanent deal. The Portuguese international is also of interest to Arsenal and spent the second half of last season on loan at Bayern Munich. (Fabrizio Romano) Jorginho wants to stay at Arsenal this summer in preference to reuniting with former manager Maurizio Sarri at Lazio. (Evening Standard) Callum Hudson-Odoi, who spent last season on loan at Bayer Leverkusen, is the latest Chelsea player on the radar of Saudi Arabia's Pro League. (The Athletic) Tottenham are considering defensive duo Edmond Tapsoba and Tosin Adarabioyo as they bid to freshen up Ange Postecoglou's defence. (Fabrizio Romano) Borussia Dortmund have enquired about the availability of Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher. (Mail)