2022/23 was an odd season for Barcelona. They reclaimed their place at the top of La Liga after four years, but there's still turmoil around the club - especially now that Lionel Messi is not returning. Many parts of the squad seem to need refreshing, there are a number of players that have been deemed surplus to requirements, and there is not a great deal of cash available to spend as they try to make sure they stay in business. That all points to one thing: free transfers. There are a number of very good players that are available to sign without a transfer fee this summer, meaning Barcelona will only have to worry about signing-on fees and wages.   Here are six players that Barcelona could look at signing without spending money on transfer fees. feed This is the obvious option for absolutely every club that can afford his wages. Ilkay Gundogan has been simply sensational for Manchester City this season and has stepped up with so many important goals from midfield.He grabbed both goals in the FA Cup final against Manchester United and he is such an incredibly tidy player. City are trying to keep him but it seems he will be on his way this summer. Barcelona have been linked anyway, but there will be stiff competition.  Another name that has been linked with almost every club under the sun over the past few months, Thuram would be a great option to provide depth in both the wide areas as well as upfront. The Frenchman is set to leave Borussia Monchengladbach this summer, with likes of AC Milan reportedly being interested in his services. With Barcelona seemingly keen to move on some forward players, Thuram could be a perfect replacement for the likes of Ferran Torres.  This is almost a combination of Ilkay Gundogan and Marcus Thuram. Roberto Firmino is a quality player who would undoubtedly be of serious use to Barcelona, and he also addresses a genuine needs in the squad too. It is not yet clear where Firmino is going to end up playing next season, but he still has so much to offer a top team in Europe. A player who has been destined to leave Lyon for a very long time now, various big clubs have been linked with a move for Moussa Dembele. If Barcelona can convince Dembele to be a deputy to Robert Lewandowski next season, they could have a very strong backup striker who can lighten the load on the Pole who, while still looking extremely fit, has to age at some point soon.