Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has informed executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward that he is 'willing' to miss out on signing targets if it means protecting the wage structure and maintaining harmony within the squad.  As part of Solskjaer's rebuilding job at Old Trafford, he has looked to improve the unity within the squad. The likes of Alexis Sanchez and Romelu Lukaku - neither of whom wanted to be at the club - have been offloaded, while an emphasis has been placed on signing players who meet a certain criteria and want to play for the United badge.  It   s official @ManUtd fans ?Cracking signing, right?pic.twitter.com/VZjFiQw1dc The Red Devils have started slowly in this summer's transfer market, although Donny van de Beek did recently become the club's first signing when he joined from Ajax for around  £40m. Jadon Sancho still remains the primary target, while there is also interest in Thiago Alcantara, Sergio Reguilon and a centre-back. However, ESPN now report that Solskjaer is willing to sacrifice signing any player if their demands are seen as over the top. This comes not long after Sanchez's United nightmare finally came to an end. The winger - who earned around  £500,000 a week including bonuses at Old Trafford - managed just five goals for the club in 45 appearances before departing for Inter on loan and then permanently.  Solskjaer is desperate for the United hierarchy to not make the same mistake again. Sanchez's wages are said to have caused a major issue within the dressing room, with players using him as a reference point to measure their own value. As a result, Solskjaer and Woodward are in agreement that they will happily pull out of any deal for a player if the demands are too high, in order to keep the squad content. Indeed, ESPN add that one reason the Red Devils were able to complete the signing of Van de Beek so swiftly was because his demands will not disrupt the wage structure. This is something the midfielder told Solskjaer directly.  United are also interested in Thiago, but his wage demands are proving to be an issue. Despite his obvious talent, Solskjaer will not be keen on undoing his work so far by luring the Spaniard to the club with hefty wages. 