Chelsea have held talks with Crystal Palace over a potential deal for Wilfried Zaha, 90min understands. As revealed earlier in August, Chelsea had identified Zaha as a possible target for the remainder of the transfer window as part of their search to add more firepower to their attacking line. Since then, Chelsea's focus has been on Everton's Anthony Gordon, for whom a bid worth up to  £60m was submitted. But sources have told 90min that the two sides remain some way apart from reaching an agreement. Talks remain ongoing over Gordon but Chelsea have also reached out to Palace over Zaha, who is seen as an alternative to the Everton youngster rather than for Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, for whom an agreement is close. Palace are open to parting ways with Zaha, who has three goals in as many games this season, as they are well aware of the player's wish to play Champions League football. With 12 months left on his contract, this summer also represents Palace's final chance to cash in on the Ivorian. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! As part of those negotiations, Palace have again asked about the future of midfielder Conor Gallagher, who shone on loan at Selhurst Park last season, but they have been met with firm resistance from Chelsea. Manager Thomas Tuchel sees Gallagher as a core part of his first-team squad - particularly as N'Golo Kante continues to battle fitness issues - and has made it clear to the 22-year-old that he has a place at Stamford Bridge this season. In the unlikely event that Gallagher does leave Chelsea, it is understood that he would prioritise a move to Palace over any of his other suitors.