Regardless of the ongoing pandemic, the footballing show must go on and clubs had to use the January transfer window to full effect when needed. Granted, it hasn't quite been as dramatic and high spending as usual - the January 2021 window is officially the quietest transfer window since 2010 - there were still deals to be had, and bargains in the case of some clubs. With the drama of deadline day and clubs like Liverpool hogging the headlines in their month-long search for a central defender, plenty of interesting moves slip under the radar. Don't worry, though, because 90min has rounded up those exact transfers and compiled them into one article, just for you. Here is a list of all the key transfers that you might not have noticed even happened during the January transfer window. ?    @SamiKhedira is next to face the press: I haven't played in the Bundesliga for over ten years. I want to play and take on responsibility. We have a young squad with lots of potential, but they haven't shown it on the pitch yet. I want to help us do better! #HaHoHe pic.twitter.com/rLocb4YiaN Despite being linked with a move to the Premier League and endlessly flirting with Everton manager Carlo Ancelotti about reuniting, Sami Khedira has returned to his native Germany on a free transfer.There's no time for romance in Berlin, though; his new club sit 15th in the Bundesliga. Boosting the ranks for the second half of the season, snapping up Mario Mandzukic on a free transfer is an underrated piece of business from Milan.He provides solid competition in the race for the Scudetto and gives them the - admittedly unlikely - option of fielding the most physically intimidating front two in football. ??   ? ???? ? We   re delighted to welcome Shane Long on loan until the end of the season ?@ShaneLong7 // #afcb ? Replacing the outgoing Joshua King who left for Everton, Bournemouth's choice to turn to temporary yet experienced in Shane Long could prove a shrewd signing.The 34-year-old had fallen down the pecking order at Southampton and was only going to fall even further following the arrival of Liverpool's Takumi Minamino. First competitive club game for over 3     £3     £8     £Days..5     £5     £mins in the tank     that felt good ??? All I can say is thank god firstly ??& secondly the manager for putting his faith in me from the jump, what a great team performance away from home against tough opponents #YYB pic.twitter.com/Gc8Pfu5QRY The latest in Yannick Bolasie's efforts to find regular football, the 31-year-old has reunited with former manager Neil Warnock at Middlesbrough on loan to the end of the season.It's his fourth loan as an Everton player. A post shared by Bayer 04 Leverkusen (@bayer04fussball) Despite interest from fellow Premier League sides, Demarai Gray has ended a five-year stint at Leicester by also heading to the Bundesliga.It didn't quite happen for Gray at the King Power Stadium, but at just 24, Leverkusen could make him look a bargain. A former teammate of Gray and loyal servant to Leicester, Andy King left the Foxes after 14 years in summer 2020.He's been a free agent since, but has now signed a deal to play in the Belgian top flight until the end of the current season. Having been left out of Fulham's Premier League squad upon their return to the top flight, Jean Michael Seri has secured a temporary switch to Ligue 1 with Bordeaux.Seri enjoyed a successful 2019/20 season in Turkey with Galatasaray, but it wasn't enough to convince Scott Parker to give the Ivorian another go. The abundance of loan deals is no coincidence; with clubs concerned over the financial uncertainty brought on by the pandemic, temporary switches are the new thing.Gedson Fernandes' nightmare spell in London with Tottenham has come to an end, with Benfica recalling him prematurely and sending him to Galatasaray until the end of the season. Two impressive seasons at Celtic was enough for Leverkusen to come calling for the services of Jeremie Frimpong.The 20-year-old defender has signed a four-year deal with the German side and has also earned former club Manchester City some cash in the process. The Cityzens inserted a sell-on clause to his contract after selling him to Celtic in 2019. Dan Gosling has ended a six-year tenure with the Cherries to move to fellow promotion hopefuls Watford.The 30-year-old midfielder arrives after James Garner was recalled by Manchester United following a lack of game time. A post shared by James Garner (@jgarnerr96) Talk of the devil, Garner fell victim to a managerial change at the Hornets (shock) and never got a look in following the appointment of Xisco Munoz.United have recalled him and sent him to Nottingham Forest in search of regular minutes, where he could be key in keeping them in the Championship. Yes, Baba Rahman is still on the books at Chelsea.It's his fourth loan spell since signing for the Blues in 2015, having never really featured following his first season at the club. Perhaps it's time to look at making one of these moves a permanent switch. A post shared by Danny Drinkwater (@dannydrinkwater) Even we can't escape the endless pit that is the Chelsea loan cycle.Danny Drinkwater has departed the club on a temporary basis yet again, this time heading to Turkish Super Lig side Kasimpasa until the end of the season.