90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have accepted bids for Kylian Mbappe from both the Saudi Pro League and the Premier League, but the player himself has refused all offers. Club officials have warned Mbappe that he will spend the coming season on the sidelines unless he leaves. (Bruno Andrade) PSG also need to resolve the future of Neymar, whose contract could be terminated to facilitate a summer exit. (UOL Esporte) Alongside Neymar, PSG officials have informed Marco Verratti, Hugo Ekitike, Juan Bernat and Renato Sanches that they are no longer part of the project. (RMC Sport) Manchester United are readying a  £26m bid for Bayern Munich defender Benjamin Pavard as they prepare to replace Harry Maguire, who is set to join West Ham United. (L'Equipe) Talks between Chelsea and Juventus over a striker swap deal involving Romelu Lukaku and Dusan Vlahovic have broken down over the Serie A side's demand to receive  £35m as part of the deal as well. (Sky Italia) Real Madrid are preparing to make a move for 17-year-old PSG midfielder Warren Zaire-Emery in the 2024 summer transfer window. (Fichajes) manual Arsenal plan to offer both striker Folarin Balogun and defender Takehiro Tomiyasu to Inter in exchange for Italy international midfielder Nicolo Barella. (Calciomercatoweb) On the other hand, Mikel Arteta wants Arsenal to raise money for a new midfielder through the sale of a 'significant' member of the first-team squad. (The Independent) Barcelona have settled on Mallorca right-back Pablo Maffeo as their priority target for the position amid concerns over the costs of both Joao Cancelo and Juan Foyth. (AS) Manchester City are now in advanced talks with West Ham over Brazilian midfielder Lucas Paqueta. (Foot Mercato) Liverpool have been snubbed by LASK winger Keito Nakamura, who has rejected a move to Anfield in favour of joining Ligue 1 side Reims. (Mohamed Toubache-Ter) Personal terms have already been agreed between Tottenham Hotspur and Barcelona defender Clement Lenglet, who is ready to sign a three-year contract if the two clubs can finally agree on a fee. (Sport)