Chelsea remain locked in talks with AC Milan over the sale of winger Christian Pulisic, 90min understands. Pulisic has received proposals from both Milan and French side Lyon but is prioritising a move to the Rossoneri and is now believed to have reached a full agreement over personal terms with Milan, even accepting a reduction on his current wage to try and push the move through. Chelsea are keen to part ways with Pulisic and are now looking for a fee of around  £20m, having lowered their asking price in search of a compromise with Milan.  The Rossoneri have also increased their initial proposal after Lyon lodged a superior bid but, as 90min reported at the time, Pulisic's preference is to move to Milan and everyone involved is now looking to get an agreement over the line. While talks with Lyon may not lead to a deal for Pulisic, Chelsea did use the occasion to voice their interest in 19-year-old midfielder Rayan Cherki, who 90min understands has long been followed by those in charge at Stamford Bridge. feed Elsewhere, Chelsea continue to look at their midfield options. Brighton's Moises Caicedo is a top priority and 90min understands a bid for the Ecuador international is being prepared, but there are plans to add another new face in that area of the pitch as well. Celta Vigo's Gabri Veiga is of interest to the Blues but there is significant competition for the Spain Under-21 international, who is admired by PSG, Manchester City, Liverpool and Newcastle, among others. A decision is not expected to be made until towards the end of pre-season, however, with new manager Mauricio Pochettino keen to see whether any of the current crop of young midfielders at the club are ready to make an immediate impact. Brazilian Andrey Santos is attracting significant loan interest from across Europe but is expected to be given the chance to impress in pre-season, while decisions will have to be made on Carney Chukwuemeka and Cesare Casadei. Casadei, whose only senior football came in a six-month loan spell with Reading last season, is likely to be sent on a top-flight loan move this time around.