On the surface, it's difficult to find fault with Manchester City.  They've spent a lot of money and assembled a well balanced squad that's capable of winning the Premier League over and over again. But after finishing a distant 18 points off champions Liverpool during the 2019/20 season, questions must be asked. Their defence, in particular, endured a frustrating campaign, falling well below the standards acceptable to both the club and Pep Guardiola. Reinforcements have to come in, and with the old adage of all good things must come to an end in mind, players need to go in order to freshen up the squad. Complacency must be eradicated, discipline must be improved and dropping points to teams towards the lower end of the table must be avoided at all costs. Luckily for City, they aren't exactly strapped for cash and can afford to be ruthless in the transfer market. They've already completed the signings of Nathan Ake and Ferran Torres - but more importantly, Scott Carson - as they look ahead to next season. Here's a list of players who should be leaving the club this summer, in order to complete their reshuffle. There was a point where John Stones once looked like he was worth every penny of the  £50m City had paid Everton for his services in 2016. Since his bright start, however, the centre back has contended with a number of injuries and inconsistencies, which seems to have destroyed his game.Stones is still only 26 and has proven himself to be a very capable defender, but his best days in a City shirt seem to be past him. They need to cut their losses and recoup some of that fee, and use it towards a much higher level centre back option.Potential Destination: Everton, West Ham, NewcastlePotential Price:  £20m The Ukrainian is a handy, versatile squad player for the Citizens to have around, but unfortunately will never be anything more at the Etihad. He managed 25 appearances in all competitions last season playing mostly as left back, but has merely highlighted City's need to sign somebody better, rather than asserting himself as first choice.He's by no means a bad play and is still only 23, thus a move away for more regular football is best for all involved. His fiancee doesn't seem to keen on his manager, either...Potential Destination: Serie A, BundesligaPotential Price:  £18m Now 32, Otamendi is well past his best - peaking in City's title winning 2017/18 season.Every club seems to need a loose cannon, but Otamendi is mostly a liability at this stage of his career. When you consider Nathan Ak   has joined from Bournemouth, his chances of playing are going to limited further, inevitably leading to further inconsistency.City must be ruthless if they want to get back to where they want to be, and there can be no room for sentiment when it comes to Otamendi.Potential Destination: ValenciaPotential Price:  £8m