Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has been quizzed on the club's interest in Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane. 90min revealed earlier this week that Europe's top clubs believe that Kane, who only has one year left to run on his contract, will not leave Spurs this summer. Nevertheless, the likes of Real Madrid remain keen on a deal and could step up their efforts to pry him away from his boyhood club. Karim Benzema was expected to accept an offer to join Saudi Pro League champions Al Ittihad earlier this week, but he changed his mind at the last minute and will remain in the Spanish capital for one more season at least. However, Real Madrid may still look to bring in a new striker during the summer transfer window regardless, with their pursuit of Kane becoming front-page news in Spain on Saturday. At a press conference ahead of their final game of the season against Athletic Club, Ancelotti was asked about Kane. READ THE LATEST REAL MADRID NEWS, TRANSFER RUMOURS & GOSSIP feed "'I'm sure you all are curious to see what will happen next season," he replied. "I'm not going to talk about the future of the squad. Kane is a top player, but we have to respect Tottenham, he is a Tottenham player. "I can guarantee to you that Real Madrid will have a competitive team again next season." Real Madrid and Tottenham have both had subpar seasons by their own standards. While Los Blancos did win the Copa del Rey for the first time since 2013/14, they fell short in their defences of La Liga and the Champions League. Barcelona beat them to the Spanish title with staggering ease, while Manchester City tore them apart in the semi-finals of their European Cup defence. Spurs, meanwhile, came eighth in the Premier League, their lowest finish in 15 years, and failed to win a trophy for a 15th successive season. However, Kane had one of his best individual campaigns, scoring 30 Premier League goals and only losing out on the Golden Boot to Erling Haaland and his record-breaking tally of 36 goals. LISTEN NOW