Ajax defender Jurrien Timber has asked his representatives to explore the chances of a summer transfer away from the Dutch champions amid continued interest from Manchester United, 90min understands. Timber was one of United manager Erik ten Hag's primary targets upon joining the club last summer, and their interest remains in the 21-year-old despite a move failing to come to fruition less than a year ago. At the time, Timber chose not to leave his boyhood club in a World Cup year, with United instead moving their attention to the signing of Lisandro Martinez. The Argentinian, Timber's former central defensive partner in Amsterdam under Ten Hag, has proven a rousing success in his debut season at Old Trafford. Timber featured in four of the five games the Dutch played in Qatar, but is now understood to be ready to move if the right offer is brought to him in 2023. 90min understands United have prioritised the signings of a central midfielder and new striker in this year, though are understood to be looking to upgrade in both central defence and at right-back should the right player become available. Timber can play both positions, and would provide United an option if they are to decide on selling Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the coming months. Diogo Dalot is also yet to sign an extended contract with United amid interest from clubs in Europe, though he is eventually expected to agree terms. United are also ready to offload club captain Harry Maguire, and would ultimately like to find an option at centre half that is comfortable covering Raphael Varane, whose minutes have had to be managed carefully due to injuries and fatigue since joining the club from Real Madrid in 2021. Timber's understanding with Martinez would help his ability to settle quickly. READ NEXT manual Ten Hag and United respected Timber's decision to stay at Ajax last summer, though it's understood their interest remains and has never been lost.  One source close to the Dutch club quipped Ten Hag "would take Timber tomorrow" if presented the opportunity, and that Timber would play anywhere for the manager who introduced him to senior football. Should the wheels be put firmly in motion for Timber to leave the Netherlands, United are not expected to be the only party in the mix. Bayern Munich are long-term admirers, while Borussia Dortmund, Atletico Madrid and Marseille may also enter the running and hold some interest. Timber is also understood to be of interest to Premier League pair Liverpool and Tottenham. Recently speaking to Ajax Life, Timber hinted that he will make a decision on his next move in the coming months.