Manchester United are tipped to go back in for Atletico Madrid and England right-back Kieran Trippier this summer, having previously shelved their interest in him in January. Although a right-back hasn   t been a priority position that United have been targeting, there is currently a lack of competition for Aaron Wan-Bissaka and there is an understanding that Trippier could be available for a relatively cheap transfer fee owing to his contract situation. The 30-year-old is due to be out of contract with Atletico in 2022 and the Manchester Evening News has reported that he has already    made arrangements    to permanently return to England from Spain. The local newspaper adds that United dropped their interest in Trippier during the January transfer window because of a ten-week ban he was issued with over a breach in betting regulations. But with that suspension ending in March, an opportunistic summer approach could now be on. It is explained that manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has not been impressed with Wan-Bissaka   s attacking output for United and it is hoped Trippier could bring competition for places in the same way that Alex Telles indirectly boosted Luke Shaw   s performances on the opposite flank. Despite spending 13 years at Manchester City, joining the youth ranks there from the age of nine, Bury-born Trippier comes from a family of United fans and would    relish    the opportunity to sign for his boyhood club after all this time. After leaving City permanently in 2012 in pursuit of first-team chances, Trippier made his name at Burnley, helping the club into the Premier League in 2014, and later joined Tottenham. He played for Spurs in the 2019 Champions League final and made his England debut in 2017. Trippier made the switch to Spain in 2019 and helped Atletico win La Liga this season. He has played 68 times for the Madrid club in all competitions during his two years there. Trippier scored a free-kick against Croatia at the 2018 World Cup that briefly put England ahead in the semi-final and is generally noted for his crossing and set-piece delivery. It would be the kind of service that Edinson Cavani in particular could thrive off at Old Trafford next season.