Southampton manager Russell Martin has given an update on Romeo Lavia after the midfielder was the subject of a bid from Liverpool. 90min reported this week that the Reds had seen an opening offer of  £35m plus add-ons for Lavia rejected by Southampton, with the offer said to be 'miles away' from the club's valuation of the young midfielder. The 19-year-old has been linked with a myriad of top Premier League clubs all summer. Along with Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea have also been notably interested in the services of Lavia. Manchester City still hold a  £40m buy-back clause which will become active next summer. Despite the talk about his future, Lavia has been an active part of Southampton's pre-season plans, playing against Bournemouth in a friendly on Tuesday as the club get ready for a Championship campaign after suffering Premier League relegation in 2022/23.  feed Speaking after that game to the press, new manager Martin discussed Lavia's situation and admitted the player has 'a lot in his head' due to transfer speculation.   "The transfer window should close before the start of the season - it's ridiculous in my opinion and certainly not helpful," Martin said. "We're a club that has been relegated and has a lot of talent that people are attracted to, but we'll prepare as if they will be here because we have to. There's no guarantee that anyone will leave, it's a lot of work with 27 players or whatever but we'll give everyone a chance to get on the pitch. "I thought Romeo, considering what's going on, to play tonight and do all that stuff, it was good for him to get on the pitch as he has not had the minutes other people have had. "You can ask for an update, but I can't give you one because I don't know. I'm going to speak to Jason [Wilcox, director of football] now but I've been preparing for this game. I'll only ever be honest with you guys but I   m yet to find out. "Romeo has a lot in his head." Martin added: "[I am] pleased with his attitude, easiest thing to do would be to not play tonight. Not easy for a young player to handle the noise, but he's handled it well. Latest news is very public, he may still be here he may not."