Following Tottenham Hotspur's disastrous exits from both the Champions League and FA Cup in recent weeks, Harry Kane has once again been linked with a move away.  The two clubs with the most rumoured interest in the England captain are Bayern Munich and Manchester United and, with just one year left on his current contract, there seems to be every possibility that this season could be Kane's last in north London.  But will he actually leave? Or will he stay put?  We've enlisted the crew on Talking Transfers, part of 90min's podcast network, to discuss. Graeme Bailey: Speaking to people in and around Tottenham, I get the feeling he might stay. Tottenham have not given up on him by any stretch of the imagination.  Tottenham are bringing him into conversations about the future of the club in term of the managerial appointment, he's being informed about that and they want him to feel a part of that and I think Kane appreciates that and likes it. It wouldn't surprise me in the slightest that, if Kane likes who comes in as the next manager - we know Conte is going to leave now, it's a matter of when and not if - he could very well sign a new contract.  Daniel Levy does not want to deal with Manchester United, that is quite clear. Would he make him stay until the end of his contract in 2024 [if he doesn't put pen to paper on new terms]? Quite possibly. I wouldn't rule that out either unless he takes a reduced amount from Bayern Munich, who aren't going to pay  £100m, we know that. But I think there's a very good chance that he signs a new deal.  Toby Cudworth: If Kane signs another contract at Spurs. he's going to go around in an endless cycle of what he's been doing for the past few years: hoping that the club will improve. But we've said on previous podcasts, everybody else is spending as much money as Spurs, if not more, and they're going to get better. Every season Tottenham are fighting to secure a top six finish, let alone top four, and that's going to continue as Newcastle enter the fold and continue to invest. There's no guarantee Spurs even finish in the top six moving forward. Kane's basically signing up for the odd cup competition win if he signs a new deal. They are not going to challenge for the Premier League title, I just can't see it, and for a striker who's been the best in the division for the past half a dozen years, that's a waste. Graeme Bailey: I think he could do two years in Germany (with Bayern), come back and still have a crack at breaking the all-time Premier League goal record. I see that as a more likely short-term move than United, who we know for looking for a more long-term thing. But as it stands from speaking to people close to Tottenham, signing a new deal is really on the cards. LISTEN NOW