Everyone loves a high profile transfer saga and there's been plenty to chew over in recent times.  Chelsea's pursuit of the likes of Kai Havertz, Thiago Silva and Ben Chilwell has understandably grabbed a lot of attention around the globe. We've also been blessed - or cursed, depending on your perspective - by some burofax-induced, internet breaking Lionel Messi speculation.  With all these prominent storylines dominating the airwaves, some less spectacular transfer news is bound to get lost in the shuffle.  Here are eight transfers that are guaranteed to make you go: "huh, when on Earth did that happen?" Jack Colback's last Newcastle appearance came in 2017, so you can be forgiven if you'd completely forgotten he existed.  Turns out he's been chilling with the Magpies Under-23s and more recently, spending time on loan at Nottingham Forest. Forest have finally put his nightmare spell at St James' Park to an end this summer, snapping him up on a free transfer.  Now we come to think of it, we're not too surprised this one slipped under our radar. Moving on... When a football club pretty much puts the entirety of its playing squad up for sale as Valencia did this summer, it's no surprise when one of two of the departures slip by on the radar.  Cases in point, Francis Coquelin and Dani Parejo, who after extended periods of service with Los Ches have joined their La Liga rivals Villarreal, because well... Valencia is a bin fire right now. Former Valencia captain Parejo even shed a tear on a zoom conference as he discussed his exit from the club where he became one of La Liga's very best midfielders.  Both have already featured in pre-season friendlies for Villarreal and the pair look very nice in yellow. Then again, who doesn't? It's a lovely kit. About six months ago, Gremio and Brazil star Everton Soares seemed to be one of the hottest properties in world football.  Everton (lol), Juventus, Manchester United and many more were linked with a move for the tattooed forward, before the rumour mill went quiet in the spring. We'd forgotten all about the prospect, until we saw him come on for Benfica during a recent pre-season friendly. Over the next few weeks we look forward to forgetting about him all over again, until he makes an underwhelming cameo appearance from the substitutes bench in a Champions League group game in the autumn.  Steven Fletcher's list of clubs reads like the strangest European coach tour ever. Starting his career in Edinburgh with Hibernian, he has taken in spells at Burnley, Wolves, Sunderland and... Marseille during his career so far.  More recently he spent four years at Sheffield Wednesday before being picked up by Stoke City - who we're sure he must have played for before - this summer.  He joins the likes of James Chester and John Obi Mikel in Staffordshire as Michael O'Neill looks to bring some 2010s era Premier League magic to the Potteries next season. Joel Veltman is not a player we've thought about since Lucas Moura's crushed Ajax's Champions League dreams just over a year ago.  The 28-year-old played right-back for I Lancieri during that Champions League semi final, but he will be trading the canals of Amsterdam for the beaches of Brighton this season.  Veltman should fit in nicely to Graham Potter's sexy, tactical system but his days of playing in Europe are probably over for now.  Normally, it's Manchester City's talented youngsters who depart the club. This summer, things have changed, with City snapping up 18-year-old forward Pablo Moreno from Juventus.  Despite only being born last week - well, 2002 - Moreno has already spent time on the books of Barcelona, Juve and now, the Citizens.  That's quite the CV. It's certainly better than ours aged 18, which included more hobbies and interests than actual work experience.  Bad news Tottenham fans. You've missed out on your chance to bring club legend Vlad Chiriches back to north London.  The Romanian bruiser has just departed Napoli for Serie A upstarts Sassuolo following a 'successful loan spell', where he made just nine league appearances.   The centre-back hadn't crossed our minds for a long while. However, one glance of that surname instantly evoked vivid memories of Spurs' hilarious post-Gareth Bale transfer business.  Jordan Hugill is one of the forgotten victims of the West Ham striker curse. After arriving from Preston North End for  £10m in January, he went on to play just 22 minutes during the 2017/2018 season.