30 June is here. You know what that means? It's free agency season. For all the players who have not been able to convince their clubs to hand them an extra year, the search for a new employer has begun. Been distracted from all the potential comings and goings by Euro 2020? Never fear. Below we have listed some of the most notable players whose contracts expire on 30 June 2021. Despite having the entire season to hammer out a deal, cash-strapped Barcelona are yet to agree terms with Messi.All the noises coming out of the club suggest it is only a matter of time, though.  Ramos has threatened to leave Real Madrid several times in recent years. On this occasion he was not bluffing.Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City and Bayern Munich are just three of the clubs that have been linked and the defender is in for a busy summer of negotiations.  Mata is a nice guy. A very nice guy, in fact.However, after barely featuring for Manchester United last season his time at Old Trafford seems to be over. The Spaniard is keen to stay but fresh terms are yet to materialise. After six years with Napoli, Hysaj has left the club. The versatile Albanian is comfortable at both full-back roles and would a sensible pickup for a host of top European clubs. Unfortunately, it seems Lazio have beaten everyone else to the punch.  Hysaj is not the only Napoli player about to enter free agency. Centre back Maksimovic's contract has also expired. The 29-year-old is attracting plenty of Premier League interest, with West Ham among those linked with a move. Patrick Vieira has a massive rebuilding job on his hands at Selhurst Park this summer. In total, 14 first team players are out of contract in July: Gary Cahill, James McCarthy, Wayne Hennessey, Mamadou Sakho, Patrick van Aanholt, Stephen Henderson, Andros Townsend, Scott Dann, Martin Kelly, Nathaniel Clyne, Joel Ward, Connor Wickham, Jeffrey Schlupp and Sam Woods.  Boateng has had an incredible Bayern Munich career but he will be moving onto pastures new this summer. He remains a competent operator, with Monaco looking like the favourites to secure his services.  Champions League winner Bertrand is leaving Southampton after a six year spell. The reliable left-back has bags of Premier League experience, with Arsenal taking an early interest before Leicester City moved into pole position to sign him on a free transfer. No deal is confirmed yet, though.  Lundstram may have been released by Sheffield United following their relegation, but he'll always be a Fantasy Premier League legend. If you know, you know.In terms of his next move, a trip north of the border to Scotland seems likely.  Jovetic was once one of Europe's most in-demand strikers. However, after another underwhelming season with Monaco, he has been released. Surely a move to Turkey will follow? Alioski has been a near ever present in the starting XI since joining Leeds United in 2017.Despite this he has not extended his Whites contract this summer, with the club confirming his exit recently.  Balbuena's West Ham career started promisingly enough. In more recent times injuries have stunted his playing time and he is now looking for a new club.Currently at the Copa America with Paraguay, finding a Premier League suitor could prove difficult. Once one of the Premier League's most exciting players, Bolasie has become a forgotten man over the past few seasons. His Everton nightmare will finally end this summer, with the winger reportedly plotting his next move while training with non-league side Spalding United.  No player demonstrates the step up in quality from the Championship to the Premier League better than Gayle. In the second tier Gayle is prolific but he has always struggled to replicate his performances at a higher level. We're sure he'll fire yet another team to promotion this season, before scoring once in 30 games the campaign after. Mustafi signed for Schalke in January, hoping to save the Bundesliga giants from an embarrassing relegation.It did not happen, with Die Knappen finishing a distant 19 points from safety. At least they only gave Mustafi a six-month deal so his wages are no longer their problem.