It may have ended in heartbreak, but the 2019/20 season was filled with reasons to be optimistic for Paris Saint-Germain.  Sure, the talent within the squad is undeniable, but perhaps what was most impressive about their run to the Champions League final was the togetherness and work ethic within the team. It finally appeared as though Les Parisiens weren't a group of talented individuals, but rather a team fighting for success. Bayern Munich are Champions League winners for the sixth time! ? But in the final, what was also clear was the difference in quality on both benches. Bayern Munich had Corentin Tolisso, Benjamin Pavard and Lucas Hernandez (all of whom are World Cup winners), as well as Philippe Coutinho and Ivan Perisic among others. But as for PSG, Thomas Tuchel was forced to bring on a seemingly still injured Marco Verratti to try and change the game...and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting among others.  Look, we know Choupo-Moting scored the winner against Atalanta, but is the 31-year-old really a suitable backup to Neymar and Kylian Mbappe? Erm, probably not.  For all the talent within the PSG team, squad depth remains an issue. And should they wish to get their hands on the Champions League, this must be addressed. Here's a look at seven players they should be targeting to help in this regard this summer... Diogo Dalot has been frozen out at Manchester United. The Portuguese made the bench for just two of his side's final 12 Premier League games of the 2019/20 season, with Timothy Fosu-Mensah taking his place in the squad late in the campaign.United are said to be willing to part ways with him this summer, and PSG are among those showing an interest. Capable of playing at both right-back and left-back as well as further forward on the right wing, Dalot would be a useful addition. Sure, he's struggled with injuries, but he has shown glimpses of real talent when fully fit. At just 21 as well, he still has time to develop.If a move didn't already sound appealing enough, United do love to let players leave for next to nothing as well these days. Potential Cost:  £20m Dalot has been frozen out - and so has Guendouzi...just for different reasons. The young Arsenal midfielder's lack of discipline and his poor attitude saw him fall out of favour under Mikel Arteta towards the end of the season, and the club are said to be trying to move him on. At first glance, this appears to be a deal PSG should be staying well clear of. But in reality, it would benefit all parties.Les Parisiens are considering making a move for their former academy graduate as an alternative to Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The Lazio man would be a dream signing, but regardless, Guendouzi is an affordable option and would bring some much needed energy to the midfield. If PSG were to secure his services again, perhaps it could be just the wake up call the Frenchman needs to stamp out his disciplinary issues and prove his worth at the place where it all began for him. Potential Cost:  £30m Dominik Szoboszlai has a very bright career ahead of him. The 19-year-old saw the likes of Erling Haaland and Takumi Minamino depart during the 2019/20 season, but Szoboszlai stayed put and has stepped up in their absence. The versatile midfielder finished the 2019/20 campaign with 12 goals and 18 assists in all competitions in just 40 appearances. But while his numbers are excellent, it is his maturity at such a young age that is hist most impressive attribute.Capable of playing on either flank as well as in the centre of the park, Szoboszlai would be an excellent addition. The Hungarian would also greatly benefit from training and playing with the likes of Neymar on a regular basis.Oh, and he's said to have a release clause of just  £22.6m. It's a no brainer, really.Potential Cost:  £22.6m PSG's midfield is currently filled with players who love to control play with their passing ability, but Thomas Tuchel lacks a creative midfielder to pick the lock and act as the link between the midfield and the likes of Neymar and Mbappe. Enter, James Rodriguez.The Colombian has had a nightmare...well, we're not even sure how long it's been anymore. With just one year remaining on his current contract, Real Madrid are determined to sell him and it won't take a mega transfer offer to make a move happen.Still only 29, James would be an excellent squad addition as someone who could change the game with one eye-of-the-needle pass or burst from midfield.James is on fairly hefty wages, but when has that stopped PSG before, eh?Potential Cost:  £15m Wilfried Zaha has made it clear he wants to be playing at a higher level and 90min recently learned that the versatile forward is prepared to move to Ligue 1 in order to seal a move away from Crystal Palace this summer. The 27-year-old has been pushing for a move away for some time now, and PSG could be just the perfect option. While first team opportunities may be hard to come by, Zaha would be playing alongside some of the world's finest and would be playing in Europe's top competition as well.Pace, trickery and an eye for goal, Zaha is the type of signing PSG should be looking to make to provide competition for the regular starters. Potential Cost:  £40m With Thiago Silva now having left the club following the expiration of his contract, PSG are in need of defensive reinforcements. Tuchel could bring Marquinhos back into the heart of defence, but a new addition is still required to add depth. One player who has been linked with a move to the French capital in recent weeks is Lazio's Luiz Felipe.While the 23-year-old did struggle with injuries during the 2019/20 season, he has impressed when fit - leading to much speculation regarding his future. While the likes of Kalidou Koulibaly have been linked, Felipe could be a valuable addition for the long-term.  Potential Cost:  £30m