In recent years, Manchester United fans haven't been used to seeing other supporters being jealous of their transfer business, but that's exactly the case this summer. Jadon Sancho is a medical away from swapping Dortmund for United in a  £72.9m deal, and with that long-awaited move finally close to completion, the Red Devils can switch their attention to other holes in the squad which need plugging. A centre-back, central midfielder and backup right-back are all on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's shopping list. As is always the case with United, there are a whole lot of baseless links to random players from across the globe, but there are a few players whose names are cropping up more than others. Finding a new centre-back is United's new priority. Harry Maguire is a core part of the future, but Solskjaer is yet to find his perfect partner. Real Madrid's Raphael Varane is right at the top of the wish list. Real are prepared to sell Varane as he enters the final year of his contract, and there is growing optimism that United will be able to get a deal done, with a bid just north of  £40m expected to be enough. Sport believe the Frenchman has already given his word to United that he will join them. All the signs suggest Varane will be a United player soon enough, but if things fall apart, United will turn to Villarreal's Pau Torres, with Sevilla's Jules Kounde the Plan C. Sources have confirmed to 90min that United have formalised their interest in signing Rennes midfielder Eduardo Camavinga, but although things are moving in the right direction, there are still plenty of obstacles to navigate. PSG are the main competitors and it is believed that the teenager would prefer to stay in France, but there is also interest from Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund and Atletico Madrid, all of whom have made it clear they would pay  £30m for Camavinga. United are hopeful of winning the race for his signature, but there is an awareness that the level of competition for his signature is huge. With Cristiano Ronaldo's future uncertain at Juventus, there have been plenty of suggestions that a return to United could be on the cards. However, United hope to have finished their business at the attacking end of the field, having already splashed out on Sancho. There is no active desire to bring Ronaldo back, but United haven't ruled it out either. From United's end, a deal feels unlikely, although Juventus are believed to be slightly more keen as it may help them in their pursuit of a certain Frenchman. As big as this summer could be for incomings, it could end up being more memorable for its outgoings, and Paul Pogba could be one of those heading out. 90min understands Juventus are keen to get a deal done for the midfielder, whose contract has 12 months left to run, and have even informally suggested the idea of using Ronaldo as a makeweight. A similarly high-profile saga, David de Gea could be offloaded if the starting goalkeeper spot is given to Dean Henderson, although ESPN recently suggested the Spaniard is ready to stay and fight for his place.