Dusan Vlahovic is increasingly likely to leave Juventus this summer, with the club drawing up a list of replacements for the striker, 90min understands.  Vlahovic has been heavily linked with a move away from La Vecchia Signora in recent months, and Manchester United, Bayern Munich and Chelsea all retain an interest in the Serbian striker's services. 90min reported in May that the Red Devils see Vlahovic as a 'first box' striker option this summer alongside Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Lautaro Martinez, while Chelsea see the player as a viable alternative to Osimhen if a move for the Napoli striker fails to materialise.  Sources confirmed to 90min at the start of June that Vlahovic had requested to leave the club this summer, and it is understood that manager Max Allegri has given his blessing to sanction the player's move. In order to sell the Serbian, Juve are keen to recoup the    70m they spent on him back in January 2022 when he turned down the opportunity to sign for Arsenal in favour of a move to the Allianz Stadium.  With Vlahovic increasingly likely to leave, Juventus are now looking a potential replacements for the 23-year-old.  La Vecchia Signora have spoken to representatives of both Rasmus Hojlund and Jonathan David thus far, although the price tags placed on both players could be a deterrent for any move.  Hojlund enjoyed a breakthrough season with Atalanta in 2022/23, scoring 10 goals in all competitions and becoming one of the most sought-after young strikers in Europe, while David scored a career-high 24 Ligue 1 goals with LOSC Lille.  feed Another Juve star who has been heavily linked with a move away from Turin this summer is Federico Chiesa. The wide player featured sporadically since returning from a lengthy injury lay-off, making just six Serie A starts during the 2022/23 season.  90min understands that, as things stand, the player is more likely than Vlahovic to remain at Juventus however his future ultimately depends on how much interest emerges for his services.  Sources have stated that Juve are currently drawing up a list of potential replacements for the winger if he does leave. 