At a time when some of Europe's top clubs are still trying to figure out just how badly they have been impacted financially by the coronavirus, Chelsea have been making real moves in the transfer market as Frank Lampard looks to build a squad capable of challenging for league titles.  Hakim Ziyech agreed to a summer switch back in February, and Timo Werner has followed     even forgoing the end of a Champions League campaign with RB Leipzig to come over sooner. That's two major signings already for Lampard, but Chelsea are nowhere near done.  Has Leroy San   just announced Kai Havertz to Chelsea? ? pic.twitter.com/Gz6KdWVgX0 At this point, with two attackers through the door already, Lampard has been...encouraged by fans to look for defensive reinforcements to tighten up his backline. On the other hand, the Blues are said to be closing in on the signing of one of Europe's most exciting young talents: Kai Havertz.  Basically, the Blues still have a lot of business left to conduct and a lot of money to make it happen. Of course, however, in order to balance the books, there will need to be some departures. Here, we take a look at each first-team player at Stamford Bridge and decide whether they should stay or go this summer... Kepa Arrizabalaga (GO) - The world's most expensive goalkeeper has the lowest save percentage of any goalkeeper in the Premier League in 2019/20 to play five or more games. To make matters worse, for 14 of the 47 goals he conceded this campaign, he didn't even move. Need we go on? Chelsea are searching for at least  £50m, but they may have to swallow their pride and lower their valuation further if they wish to offload him.  Willy Caballero (STAY) - Although he's only kept three clean sheets in his 12 appearances this season, Caballero is a veteran presence in a young dressing room and is unlikely to kick up a fuss if he stays on the bench for 45 games a season. That has a value of its own. Also, he just signed a one-year extension so...he's staying. Jamie Cumming (STAY) - Cumming initially joined the club's Under-8s side and has worked his way up through the ranks. He was on the bench for the Blues' Carabao Cup clash with Manchester United earlier in the season, and his involvement with the first team will help his development as he looks to impress Lampard.  Cesar Azpilicueta (STAY) - The captain and the leader, Azpilicueta will not be going anywhere this summer. The Spaniard leads by example both on and off the field, and Lampard can consider himself fortunate to have the ultimate professional as the captain of his team.  Reece James (STAY) - James has begun to nail down his place in the starting lineup in recent times, with Azpilicueta shifting over to the left to accommodate for the youngster. Still only 20, James has time on his side and all the attributes to become a top full-back for years to come.  Marcos Alonso (STAY) - Marcos Alonso divides opinion, notably due to his lack of defensive awareness despite the fact he's (nominally) a defender. Whether or not Chelsea are able to bring in Ben Chilwell remains to be seen, but squad depth is important and Alonso could have an important role to play in 2020/21.  Baba Rahman (GO) - Baba Rahman was handed a new one-year contract only last summer (much to the surprise of numerous fans) and while he has now returned from another loan spell, he still remains firmly out of the picture. With just 23 Chelsea appearances to his name, it is time for Chelsea to cut ties with the left-back - for good.  Emerson (GO) - Prior to his two minute cameo against Liverpool recently, Emerson had not made a single Premier League appearance since January for the Blues. The defender doesn't fit into Lampard's plans and could be sold to raise funds for a new left-back.  Ian Maatsen (STAY) - Maatsen is very highly rated at the club and could be involved more frequently with the first team next season in order to gain more experience.  Davide Zappacosta  (GO) - An ACL injury meant Zappacosta missed a large portion of the 2019/20 season for loan club Roma and there are suggestions the Italian club have agreed to keep him for another season. But should it prove possible, the Blues should offload him permanently.  Matt Miazga (GO) - Now 25, Miazga has recently admitted that he wants his future to be made clear. The defender was on loan at Reading this season and while he hasn't given up hope of making the grade at Chelsea, a new permanent home could prove beneficial for his career.  Antonio Rudiger (STAY) - Of the current centre-backs, Rudiger is seen as the leader     but the German is prone to making a number of mistakes, which has led to uncertainty over his future at the club. The 2020/21 campaign will be make or break. Kurt Zouma (STAY) - Like Rudiger, Zouma has also been at fault a number of times this season, but he has grown as the season has progressed. The Frenchman has proven to be a valuable squad member, and this will be the case again next campaign.  Fikayo Tomori (GO on loan) - Tomori has featured just once in the league since the turn of the year, and a loan move this summer has been suggested as a result. This would prove most beneficial for all parties involved.  Andreas Christensen (STAY) - Christensen watched on from the bench for his side's final three league games of the season, but the centre-back is one of Lampard's better options. A hard-working, fearless defender, Christensen will be hoping to cement his place in the starting lineup in 2020/21.  Ethan Ampadu (GO on loan) - Ampadu has learned a great deal during his time with RB Leipzig this season even if he has struggled for minutes, but considering the competition for places at Chelsea, another spell away from his parent club may be best.  Jorginho (STAY) - Jorginho's future at the club has been called into question in recent times, but the Blues are clearly a better team when he is on the field. Mateo Kovacic (STAY) - One of Chelsea's star performers this season, Mateo Kovacic will not be going anywhere this summer.  N'Golo Kante (STAY) - Kante has struggled with injuries this season, but he's still among the best defensive midfielders in the world and he will be a real asset at the base of the midfield once he returns to full fitness.  Ruben Loftus-Cheek (STAY) - The 2020/21 season could be make or break for Loftus-Cheek. The midfielder must prove consistently that he is worthy of a spot in Lampard's squad next season now that he is fit again, or else he could soon be on his way out.  Marco van Ginkel (GO on loan) - Van Ginkel recently being offered a new deal at Chelsea was, well...bizarre, to say the least. Four senior appearances in seven years isn't exactly spectacular, but considering his new deal, a loan move appears the most likely option.  Danny Drinkwater (GO) - Drinkwater has failed to make any real positive impression since joining in September 2017, making just 23 appearances. His future does not lie at Stamford Bridge, but the question is: who would take him?  Billy Gilmour (STAY) - For a player so young, Gilmour plays with real maturity. Lampard is a big fan of the midfielder and he will be looking to push on even further next season.  Tiemoue Bakayoko (GO) - Considering the depth of Chelsea's midfield, Bakayoko - who is now back with his parent club - is unlikely to get much game time at all if he remains this summer. The Blues are keen to offload the man they bought for  £40m (40?!), but they will need to lower their asking price for this to happen.  Ross Barkley (GO) - Barkley can produce a moment of real quality to capture the attention, but he is also very capable of making no real contribution for 90 minutes as a game passes him by. Considering his age and quality, Chelsea could also still demand a fairly sizeable fee. Mason Mount (STAY) - Mount has shone effortlessly this season for the west Londoners, filling in on the left and in the middle. A young, exciting and reliable player, Mount is a key member of Lampard's squad.  Willian (STAY) - Time is running out for Chelsea and Willian's relationship. The Brazilian has proven just how important he still is to the Blues this season - especially since the restart - and he himself is willing to stay as long as his demands are met. He deserves the new contract...but three years is a long commitment to a player who'll be 32 when the new season starts. Pedro (GOING) - After five years with the club and with over 200 appearances to his name, Pedro will be departing for Roma on a free transfer this summer.  Christian Pulisic (STAY) - A star in the making, Pulisic has grown in confidence as the season has progressed. Despite the new arrivals, Pulisic must be a starter in 2020/21.  Victor Moses (GO) - It's a no-brainer for Chelsea. Moses - who was once a key player for the Blues - is no longer in the west London club's plans. A move beckons, maybe back to Inter. Callum Hudson-Odoi (STAY) - Hudson-Odoi's season has been impacted by injuries, but he must begin to take his chances and show that he can fulfil his undoubted potential after Chelsea fought so hard to keep him at the club.  Kenedy (GO) - Kenedy started just three league games on loan at Getafe this season and while he made 19 league appearances in total, he scored just once. The Brazilian isn't worthy of a place in Lampard's squad and should be sold.  Tino Anjorin (STAY) - Anjorin made his senior breakthrough this season and, as a result of his development, he recently signed a new long-term deal. The youngster will be hoping for further opportunities next term.  Tammy Abraham (STAY) - Despite a disappointing second half of the season, Abraham has shown this season that he has the quality to lead the line for a good Premier League team. With Werner now at the club, competition for places will be even tougher for Abraham - but he must rise to the test.  Olivier Giroud (STAY) - Consistent. Reliable. A proven goalscorer. Giroud made a real impact for Chelsea time and time again this season, whether it be from the bench or as a starter. 