Exclusive - Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba is in no hurry to decide his future, whether it lies at Old Trafford or elsewhere. The French midfielder has just 12 months left on his current deal, which means he can leave United for nothing next summer - possibly for the second time in his career after previously quitting for Juventus in 2012. Pogba is managed by controversial super agent Mino Raiola and he has steered the 2018 World Cup winner into a very strong position with United and his future in general. United are holding talks with Raiola, but 90min can reveal that sections of the Old Trafford hierarchy remain unconvinced about handing Pogba a new deal that would see him become the highest paid player in the Premier League and the first to hit  £400,000-a-week     eclipsing Kevin De Bruyne   s new deal at Manchester City, which is worth just shy of  £390,000-a-week. A source with knowledge of the situation has explained that some at United do not believe that Pogba warrants such a huge deal, but others do not want to see the 28-year-old     who cost the club  £89m to buy back from Turin     walking away for nothing.      It is a complicated situation, not everyone is in agreement,    the source confirmed,    It is yet to be seen if Pogba, even with an offer to make him the most well paid player in England, would agree to stay at Manchester United.    Pogba knows that PSG are interested and could even make a bid this summer, while Real Madrid have a long-standing interest. They would seemingly rather pick him up for nothing, however, as they did with David Alaba, whom they captured from Bayern Munich this summer. Juventus    interest has been rekindled with Max Allegri   s return to Turin, and he has made it clear that he would love to reunite with the player. 90min understands that the Old Lady are very much in Pogba's thinking. Those close to the Pogba camp say that he is calm as he knows that next season he is going to be earning in excess of  £400,000-a-week     he just needs to decide whether that will be in Manchester, Paris, Madrid or Turin, and whether that will be this summer or next.