The agent of Sporting CP midfielder Manuel Ugarte hopes his client's future will be 'resolved in 15 days' amid interest from Liverpool and a number of other Premier League clubs. The Uruguay international has enjoyed a stellar couple of seasons in the Portuguese capital following his 2021 move from Famalicao, notably playing a starring role in Sporting's triumphs against north London rivals Arsenal and Tottenham in European competition this term, and his performances have not gone unnoticed. 90min understands that a number of Premier League sides have shown an appreciation of Ugarte, including Liverpool, who have him on their shortlist of midfielders and are one of the clubs most keen on a deal. Aston Villa are also fond of Ugarte, while Newcastle, West Ham and Wolves have watched him in recent times. But despite there being a widespread liking for Ugarte and his abilities, sources have told 90min that interested parties value him at around  £30m - a figure roughly  £20m short of his current release clause. Nevertheless, Ugarte's agent, Jorge Chijane, has told Portuguese outlet O Jogo that the 22-year-old will likely leave Sporting this summer and that Jorge Mendes will help broker a deal - he even hopes a resolution will be found over the next couple of weeks. feed "It is almost certain that he will leave," Chijane said. "I'll be in Lisbon soon. I trust Jorge Mendes, who is the best businessman in the world. In fact, when I told him about Ugarte for the first time, he said: 'Your eyes are my eyes'. "There is a lot of talk, but they are not the only club, there are others," he continued when asked directly about Liverpool's interest. "There's a lot of talk, but I'm still not sure about the club [Ugarte will join]. There are many hypotheses on the table. I believe that in 15 days the situation will be resolved." 90min further understands that Tottenham, who have watched plenty of Sporting games over the past 12 months -  they signed Pedro Porro in January and remain interested in Pedro Goncalves - do like Ugarte but he is not believed to be anywhere near the top of their list of summer transfer targets. Arsenal have also sent scouts to watch Ugarte in previous months but they have cooled their interest and are focusing on other targets.