Inter are considering a move for Schalke centre-back Ozan Kabak if they find themselves needing to replace Tottenham target Milan   kriniar. Spurs boss Jos   Mourinho is on the lookout for a new centre-back and is understood to have   kriniar at the top of his wish list, with Benfica star R  ben Dias also under consideration at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. For now, the focus remains on   kriniar. According to Gianluca Di Marzio, talks over the Slovakia international are 'advancing', and Inter are now giving serious thought as to who they should pursue if   kriniar does leave.  One player in Inter's sights is Kabak, who is seen as a smart long-term investment who could actually help out in the short term as well. Inter will have to sell   kriniar before they can pursue Kabak, and FC Inter News suggest talks are about to heat up as Spurs are preparing their first official bid for the centre-back, which is expected to sit around the  £45m mark. That may not be enough to get the deal done as Inter are looking for closer to  £55m. Alongside finding a new centre-back - Chris Smalling, Antonio R  diger and Nikola Milenkovi   are named as three other targets - Antonio Conte wants to raise money to fund a move for Chelsea's N'Golo Kant  . La Gazzetta dello Sport back up those claims by stating that it's 'only a matter of time' before Spurs' first bid arrives, and chairman Daniel Levy hopes to negotiate himself a discount after   kriniar made it clear he has his heart set on a move to England.   kriniar is keen to avoid spending a season on the fringes of Conte's squad and would like to make the move to Spurs, but football.london add that it's all a question of money. Their report follows the same vibe as the others - Spurs aren't ready to pay full price - but their figures are a little lower. Inter's asking price is claimed to be  £45m, but Spurs are sat at closer to  £32m. To try and reach a compromise, Spurs have offered players like defender Juan Foyth to Inter in exchange, but the Italian side are having none of it. Inter want straight cash as they dream of landing Kant   before the transfer window shuts.