Manchester United are looking to continue their transfer plans for the summer by striking a deal with Atalanta for Rasmus Hojlund, 90min understands. Manager Erik ten Hag has identified a new centre forward among his top priorities, with Tottenham's Harry Kane and Napoli's Victor Osimhen initially targeted. United were priced out of signing both players but have now turned their attention to Hojlund, who has also been on their radar for some time. Still only 20, Hojlund only joined Atalanta last August from Austrian outfit Sturm Graz. He hit nine goals in his debut Serie A season and has also made his senior international debut for Denmark over the last year, scoring five times in six caps to date. United's dream scenario for the summer was to add an experienced first choice striker as well as a younger prospect of Hojlund's ilk to fix the position for the long-term. But budgetary restrictions are making matters difficult for them in negotiations. The club's ownership situation has still not been resolved by the Glazer family, despite the process lasting eight months and counting. They also have a decision to make on the future of Mason Greenwood. feed Mason Mount is set to join United in the coming days after a deal worth  £55m plus  £5m in add-ons was struck with Chelsea, and the club are now pressing ahead with their next target.  Sources close to Atalanta indicate the Serie A outfit are asking for    75m-   80m ( £64m- £69m) to consider selling at this stage. Previous reported demands of    100m were not deemed serious by United. 90min understands United are not prepared to be held to ransom and are willing to go to    60m ( £51.5m) but not much further to sign the player before the new season. Hojlund's camp believe United's valuation is fair and the player wants to move to Old Trafford. Hojlund has previously admitted he is a United fan, saying earlier this year: "I will not hide the fact that I am a huge Man Utd fan. So, personally, [playing for them] would be one of the biggest things for me." Juventus and Napoli are also interested in signing Hojlund. As well as the deal for Mount, United are looking to address their goalkeeping situation this summer having seen David de Gea's contract expire last Friday. The Spaniard is still considering an offer to extend his stay, but there are doubts over his status as long-term number one. United have been interested in Inter's Andre Onana to replace him, while Feyenoord's Justin Bijlow has also been considered.