Manchester City's squad could look rather different by the time they kick off their 2023/24 season, with a number of key first team players potentially heading for the exit door if they get their way. The reigning champions of England and Europe have already lost club captain Ilkay Gundogan on a free transfer to Barcelona, and a desire for new challenges, interspersed with some niggles around game time, could see more follow. Mateo Kovacic has come in through the Etihad Stadium arrivals door, joining from Premier League rivals Chelsea, and is not expected to be the only Croatian to turn up in Manchester this summer. Manchester City are edging ever closer to an agreement with RB Leipzig for defender Josko Gvardiol. 90min previously revealed that talks were continuing between the two clubs, albeit slowly, and they remain in constant communication. Leipzig are seeking to make Gvardiol the most expensive defender in history, asking City for in excess of    100m before a deal can be completed. City are prepared to do that but the clubs are still ironing out the exact structure of the deal and when certain payments will be made. The 21-year-old has agreed personal terms with the Premier League champions and is awaiting the all-clear to travel for a medical. feed 90min revealed in June that Bernardo Silva had asked to leave Manchester City in pursuit of a new challenge, some 12 months after he'd initially expressed an interest in moving on. The Portugal international is a player City really want to keep hold of, though they have committed to selling Silva if they receive an offer that matches their valuation of around  £75m.  The 28-year-old has so far resisted a lucrative approach from the Saudi Pro League and remains reluctant to head to the Middle East, while Paris Saint-Germain remain interested. But 90min understands that Barcelona are still exploring ways to cobble together an acceptable package amid their financial struggles and are in talks with Silva's agent, Jorge Mendes. Franck Kessie could be sold this transfer window, but Barca may need to sell another key name in order to raise enough funds and enable them to launch a bid for Silva. Kyle Walker has already agreed personal terms with Bayern Munich, but he has yet to be given the green light by City to complete a move to the Allianz Arena. The German champions are waiting to hear City's definitive stance before lodging an official bid, and talks will be held between Walker and the Champions League holders this week. He could be even sign a new contract at the club, ending any hope that former club Sheffield United may still have of luring him to Bramall Lane. Riyad Mahrez is another player whose future is up in the air, though his mind appears to be made up in terms of leaving City. The Algerian winger was left hurt at being overlooked for both the FA Cup and Champions League finals at the end of last season, and he has the chance to join Saudi Pro League side Al Ahli on a contract worth  £45m-a-year. Mahrez is due to meet with Pep Guardiola to discuss his future, with a move to Saudi Arabia only likely to happen if the Spaniard gives his blessing to the move. 