Al Hilal have seen two bids rejected for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, 90min understands, with the Saudi giants now also considering a move for Tottenham's Harry Kane. Now bankrolled by the Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF), Al Hilal have already spent around  £171m to land Malcom, Ruben Neves, Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and Kalidou Koulibaly, and they do not plan on stopping there. Talks are also ongoing with Paris Saint-Germain over midfielder Marco Verratti, who is keen to make the move, and Fulham striker Aleksandar Mitrovic is another key target, but Al Hilal are also looking to make an enormous splash on one of Europe's elite talents. A  £259m bid for Kylian Mbappe, while accepted by PSG, was knocked back by the player himself, and now Al Hilal are exploring other ways to spend their astronomical budget. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Al Hilal have lodged two bids for Osimhen, worth  £102m and then  £120m, but both have been knocked back. An improved offer worth closer to  £170m is expected to arrive soon. Napoli want to keep Osimhen and are confident of striking an agreement over a new contract in the near future. The Nigeria international is not believed to be keen on a move to Saudi Arabia at this point in his career, despite the offer of wages which would exceed  £1m per week. feed With Al Hilal desperate to make an enormous splash, officials have also reached out to Tottenham striker Kane over a potential move to the Middle East. Contact has been made with both Tottenham and Kane's representatives but neither have met the interest with any real positivity. Spurs are still keen to try keep hold of Kane, while the England striker is not currently looking to leave Europe. Nevertheless, Al Hilal are weighing up making a firm offer for Kane, who is seen as an alternative to Osimhen. Kane, who is in the final year of his Spurs contract, is the subject of intense interest from Bayern Munich, with representatives of the German side flying into London for further talks with chairman Daniel Levy.