Atalanta and Alejandro 'Papu' Gomez have undoubtedly been one of the greatest love stories in recent calcio history, but that romance has gone from Romeo and Juliet to Maxi Lopez and Wanda Nara. And right now, we're at the 'Mauro Icardi' stage.  The unbreakable bond between the Argentine and the Italian club has somehow been penetrated, with rumours rife of a physical altercation between Gomez and coach Gian Piero Gasperini.  Gomez has embodied Atalanta during his six years at the club, taking them from relegation candidates to title contenders in half a decade.  He has also gone from being one of the most underrated players in world football to chucking himself onto the map with some incredible displays in the Champions League, forming the deadliest trident in Europe alongside Josip Ilicic and Duvan Zapata.  His relationship with the fans is one of the strongest connections in football, but hearts broke all over Bergamo on Monday when he announced that he would be leaving the club. So, the time is nigh.  A post shared by   ll  ll   Papu Gomez    ll  ll   (@papugomez_official) Gomez is known for his love of dancing and his contagious, smiley personality in Italy, which is one of the many reasons why Atalanta supporters will be devastated to see their captain leave. Alas, he is set to Cha Cha Slide his way out of the Stadio di Bergamo door for a cut-price in January, and Europe's big boys are circling their prey.  But who's gonna be the lucky club? 90min assesses Gomez's options and ranks them from the worst fit to the best.  I know what you're thinking - Gomez is not a wing-back, and would possibly be as pointless a signing as Christian Eriksen - but Inter work in mysterious ways. Antonio Conte loves experience and winners, and Papu would certainly add those traits to his team. On top of that, the Argentine is keen not to stray too far from his current home, making Milan a perfect destination. Is I Nerazzuri the right fit though? Nah, absolutely not.  Lazio have got some excellent attacking players at their disposal, but their squad is lacking serious depth. Le Aquile are fortunate that they possess a genuine goalscorer in Ciro Immobile, but when suppliers Luis Alberto and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic are missing, there's not much else to go on. So, Gomez would be a brilliant signing for the Eagles. Unfortunately, spending any form of money can be a rarity in the Italian capital, and with Lazio struggling in Serie A, it'd hardly be a step up for the Argentine.  Another Serie A club who surely would view Gomez as a great coup, SSC Napoli are always in with a shout. I Partenopei play some great football under Gennaro Gattuso, and he'd welcome another attacking superstar under his wing. The main stumbling block however, is club captain and local hero Lorenzo Insigne. The Napoli legend plays the exact same role in a similar vein to that of Gomez, making his arrival a slight overkill in that position. It can only end in tears.  It is entirely possible, however, that Gomez's love for Atalanta and the people of Bergamo would leave him feeling uncomfortable, should he move to another Italian team. So what about ripping up MLS? The forward is believed to have held talks with the club over a possible move, and could wave goodbye to European football forever. Don't go, Papu.  Now for the fun MLS link. There is less talk of this one, but it's way more interesting. Inter Miami are on the rise, and the arrival of Gonzalo HIguain has truly put them on the map. What the prolific forward needs is a top assister. Here comes the Argentinian connection. Gomez and Higuain would destroy MLS together, catapulting David Beckham's franchise to glory. Break the bank, Becks.  Paris Saint-Germain have gone from spending hundreds of millions on single superstars to picking up neat little bargains in the market. The French champions desperately need to pad out their squad, and signing the Atalanta star would be a smart step in that direction. There is a real lack of quality behind Neymar, Angel Di Maria and Kylian Mbappe in the wide areas, so Gomez could provide some competition and more strength in rotation. Not a bad shout, actually.  Does a team that already boasts Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pedro Rodriguez and Edin Dzeko really need another ageing, tricky forward? Yes. Yes it does. AS Roma are producing some of the most exciting and expansive football in Europe at the moment, and Gomez fits Paulo Fonseca's mantra seamlessly. I Giallorossi are a much stronger team this season, and they are on an upward trajectory under their Portuguese coach. With Gomez among their ranks, he could really propel them to the next level.  No, this is not an exaggeration - Gomez is that good. And at a slashed transfer fee of around    8-9m, there isn't a club in the world who would turn their nose up at this bargain. Real Madrid need backup in the wide areas, with Vinicius Jr and Rodrygo pretty hit and miss, and Eden Hazard constantly on the treatment table. Sign Gomez, and the Liga trophy could be remaining at the Bernab  u next summer.