90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... West Ham could pull out of negotiations to sign Harry Maguire from Manchester United as the deal is taking considerable time to complete. The two clubs agreed terms on a  £30m fee last week but progress in finalising the transfer has been slow. (Guardian) Despite agreeing to a  £60m deal with Southampton, Liverpool are set to miss out on the signing of Romeo Lavia to Chelsea. The Reds were also beaten by the Blues to Brighton's Moises Caicedo. (The Athletic) Chelsea recently pulled out of a deal to sign Tyler Adams from Leeds, while Liverpool had also been linked, but he is in line to join Bournemouth as the Cherries are set to activate his  £20m release clause. (BBC Sport) Saudi Pro League clubs are interested in signing Arsenal defender Gabriel Magalhaes. Should the Brazilian depart, the Gunners could turn to Manchester City's Aymeric Laporte or Crystal Palace's Marc Guehi. (Daily Mirror) Bayern Munich, Chelsea, Manchester City, Manchester United and Real Madrid rejected the chance to bring in Neymar from PSG, with the Brazilian now set to sign for Saudi side Al Hilal. (Independent) Tottenham are set to make an opening bid for Gent starlet Gift Orban, who is seen as a long-term replacement for Harry Kane. However, they want to sell players before prioritising incomings. (Evening Standard) Another striker on Tottenham's radar is Folarin Balogun, who will be allowed to leave rivals Arsenal for  £50m this summer. (Gazzetta dello Sport) manual Chelsea are close to finalising personal terms with Crystal Palace forward Michael Olise and are looking to sign the Frenchman for roughly  £45m. (Evening Standard) Barcelona boss Xavi is willing to sanction a move for Joao Felix, but only if they sign a right-back and attacking midfielder first. (AS) Newcastle are interested in signing a left-back and are eyeing loan moves for Arsenal's Kieran Tierney and Chelsea's Marc Cucurella. (Telegraph) Bayern Munich hold an interest in Manchester City backup goalkeeper Stefan Ortega, but it's not clear whether or not he'd want to leave the Premier League champions. (Sky Germany) The Bavarian giants are also keen on former Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea, who is currently a free agent. (The Sun)