Paulo Dybala has been offered to a number of Premier League sides this summer as a bargain release clause in his Roma contract becomes active, 90min understands. The 29-year-old joined on a free transfer from Juventus last summer and has enjoyed a successful year under Jose Mourinho, racking up 16 goals and eight assists in 34 appearances and helping inspire Roma to the Europa League semi-finals. Dybala's contract contains a handful of release clauses -    20m for fellow Serie A clubs and just    12m for overseas teams - and sources have confirmed to 90min that the Argentine's representatives have been making sure clubs in the Premier League are aware. Indeed, 90min understands that Dybala's potential availability has been communicated to Arsenal, Aston Villa, Chelsea, Manchester United, Newcastle and Tottenham. While none of the English sides have immediately dismissed the offer, there are long-standing concerns that Dybala is not interested in a move to the Premier League and any efforts to sign him would ultimately prove futile. Even if a club does trigger Dybala's release clause, the final decision will rest with the 29-year-old. feed Dybala has been of interest to clubs in England for a number of years now, with his departure from Juventus on a free transfer last summer seen as an opportunity for a real bargain, and while any suitor would have to pay a fee to sign the forward this summer, there is an awareness that    12m still represents incredible value. There is, however, a potential stumbling block when it comes to Dybala's significant wages, which could ultimately price some of the Premier League sides out of a move. Roma boss Mourinho recently admitted that Dybala is good enough to play for 'the biggest clubs in the world' but urged the Argentine to put his happiness first. "My feeling is that he was seeking the joy, he had lost more than confidence," Mourinho told Sky Sport Italia. "He found it here. He has found a coach who understands him, a crowd that loves him and a space on the field in which to be a leader with his quality and personality. "Dybala is a nice boy. He has the quality to play for the biggest clubs in the world, but he has found joy here."