In response to the escalating conflict in Ukraine, FIFA have announced that foreign players currently plying their trade in the Russian Premier League will be free to join other clubs.  This resolution means that Russia's top stars could depart in their droves, provided they are registered at a new side before 7 April. Here are some of the biggest names that could be on the move... After impressing at FC Midtjylland Anders Dreyer earned a move to Rubin Kazan in the summer, and he has started strongly in Russia. The Dane, who has been capped twice by his country, has been primarily fielded as a right winger but that has not stopped him helping himself to eight Premier League goals. Previously on the books at Brighton where he failed to make an appearance, Dreyer may be ready for another shot at the Premier League.Possible destination: Brentford Sochi have surprised a few people with their performances in the Russian Premier League this season, proving last season's fifth-placed finish was no fluke.A big reason for their success     they are currently fourth     has been Mateo Cassierra. The Colombian is the highest scoring foreign player in the division this season with eight, none of which have been penalties. It's a risk but he could provide a team with some much-needed firepower. Possible destination: Norwich  Victor Moses netting for Spartak Moscow in their Europa League group stage clash with Leicester last year provided a timely reminder that he is in fact still playing football. He has done well in that competition this season too, registering four assists to go with that strike. Still just 31-years-old, could we be treated to a reunion with Antonio Conte at Tottenham? He can't be any worse than Emerson Royal...Possible destination: Tottenham At just 22, Sebastian Szymanski is one of the most exciting players in Russia right now. The Poland international is averaging a mightily impressive 0.84 goals + assists per 90 minutes in the Russian top flight this season, a significant improvement on his numbers last campaign. Whoever signs him will be hoping they can keep developing the spritely number ten at this impressive rate. Possible destination: Brighton