Valencia are in disarray right now.  Just a few weeks after manager Albert Celades was sacked it has now emerged that no fewer than 12 first-team players have been told to find a new club. That's quite the summer clearout. According to Goal, club captain Dani Parejo, midfield destroyer Geoffrey Kondogbia and front man Rodrigo are among those who have been given a friendly shove towards the exit door.  The news will have clubs across Europe purring as they look for good value in what is bound to be a challenging transfer market. But which player should go where? 90min has analysed the most interesting imminent departures from Los Che and found them a perfect new home.  Linked with a move to Barcelona before they sensationally swooped for Martin Braithwaite, 29-year-old Rodrigo is one of the most enticing names on this list.  While he has struggled for goals this season, the Brazil-born Spain international has shown in the past to be a talented link forward with strong finishing ability.  Tottenham have been looking for a reliable Harry Kane alternate for some time and for the right price they could be tempted to making an offer for the Brazilian born striker. Don't rule out West Ham either. We all know the Hammers love a goal-shy centre-forward. Milan could also be in the market for an affordable striker with Zlatan Ibrahimovic reaching the final stages of a glittering career. Despite only arriving at the club in 2018, 22-year-old Mouctar  Diakhaby is already being elbowed out of Valencia.  The centre-back could be hot property as well as several teams across the continent search for defensive reinforcements. The lofty Frenchman can be clumsy on occasion, giving away three penalties in just two games earlier this month, but he should still generate interest.   He's probably not of the level required for Chelsea and Manchester City - both of whom are searching for centre-backs. Somewhere like Leicester could be more suitable as the Foxes look to recruit backup options for the imperious Jonny Evans and Caglar Soyuncu. Despite close to a decade of service, 31-year-old Dani Parejo is poised to be replaced as Valencia captain bby Jose Luis Gaya.  During his time at the club, Parejo has reportedly turned down moves to Liverpool, Barcelona and others and the club have rewarded this loyalty by throwing him onto the scrapheap at the first opportunity. Harsh.  Valencia's loss is set to be another side's gain as the midfielder remains one of the most gifted deep lying playmakers in Europe. Everton have often lacked a creative spark in midfield and Parejo could be a short-term answer. Leicester is another option. Brendan Rodgers' side have scored the fifth least goals from set pieces this season and the midfielders' world class dead ball delivery could help increase these numbers.  However, the Premier League could be too physically for the languid Parejo, who once spent time at QPR. Perhaps a move to Serie A upstarts Milan or Inter could be the answer. Staying in La Liga, would Sevilla or Atletico Madrid say no? Valencia are rumoured to have been disappointed by Jasper Cillessen's performances this season. Looking at his stats, it's hard to see why.  The Dutchman has registered a 0.750 save percentage (the fifth best in the league) and kept out two spot kicks. On paper it's been another encouraging performance for Cillessen and he would be a good signing for any side searching for a new goalkeeper.  Celtic fit the bill, with Fraser Forster's future still uncertain, and a return to Ajax could also be on the cards if Andre Onana departs Amsterdam. Premier League trio Chelsea, Everton and West Ham are similarly unhappy with their goalkeeping situation and Cillessen could be the man to end their woes. Geoffrey Kondogbia has endured a series of niggling injuries problems over the past few seasons but on his day he is one of the most fearsome tacklers in La Liga.  Ideal for a team looking to add some bite in midfield, Tottenham have long been interested in bringing him to north London. Perhaps he could be the man to finally fill the void left by Moussa Dembele's departure.  Everton - yes, them again - have also be linked in the past as they too have an Idrissa Gueye shaped hole that needs filling. Arsenal could be interested as well, now it has been reported that they will not be recruiting Thomas Partey. 20-year-old Ferran Torres has just one year left on his current deal and Valencia are said to be open to offers for the right forward.  The Spaniard has managed four goals and four assists this season and his exciting performances has led to the usual lot of Premier League transfer rumours doing the rounds.  Liverpool and Manchester United have been mentioned as possible destinations, although all three likely have bigger fish to fry this summer. Manchester City, meanwhile, could be a good fit.  The Cityzens are in need of offensive reinforcements after David Silva and Leroy San  's departures were confirmed and Pep Guardiola may find the chance to shape a young winger in his image too exciting to turn down.  Several years ago, Goncalo Guedes was one of the most highly rated players in Europe. Schooled in the Portuguese art of wingplay, he was blessed with precise dribbling skills and a wonderful technique. 