While Liverpool have strode to the Premier League title with a comfortable 23-point buffer over second place Manchester City, at the other end of the table things couldn't be more different. Norwich are cut adrift at the basement of the division, but just a single point separates 19th place Aston Villa and 16th place Watford.  With Brighton pulling away from the drop zone since the league restarted, it looks set to be two from the Hornets, Villa, Bournemouth and Watford to fall into the Championship. That will leave a selection of Premier League quality players preparing to ply their trade in the second tier next season unless another top flight side comes in for them. Who are the pick of the bunch from the Premier League's relegation candidates who could be poached in a cut price deal this summer? The Aston Villa captain has already proved himself to be a class apart in the Championship, with his return to fitness coinciding with Villa's remarkable late surge into the playoffs and subsequent promotion last season. Grealish has been the Villans star performer in the Premier League and has been heavily relied upon as his boyhood club's source of creativity throughout the campaign. His form has seen him frequently linked with a move to Manchester United, with 90min revealing in March that Grealish is one of the Red Devil's three primary targets this summer. Villa have slapped an  £80m price tag on the 24-year-old's head - but this could soften depending on the division they find themselves in next season. Since Mings swapped Bournemouth for Villa and left back for centre half, he has established himself as a top Premier League defender with his intelligence, composure and athleticism. Villa may have the worst defensive record in the division, but that has not stopped Mings earning a maiden international call up - just seven years earlier he had been playing for Chippenham Town and working as an estate agent. With the 2021 European Championships next summer, the 27-year-old will likely need to be playing Premier League football to give himself the best chance to keep his place in the England squad. Arsenal have been linked with a move for Mings, and Villa will likely want to turn a profit on the  £20m they paid for the defender just last summer. McGinn enjoyed an excellent start to life in the top flight, registering three goals and an assist in his first seven Premier League games.  Although his form stuttered towards December, McGinn's presence was sorely missed during his two month injury layoff.  Manchester United were linked with the midfielder at the start of the season, while Newcastle are now also reportedly interested. However, McGinn signed a new five-year deal in the summer of 2019, meaning a strong bid will be required to prise him away from away from Villa Park. It's been a pretty bleak campaign for Bournemouth, as the Cherries find themselves in their first ever Premier League relegation scrap. Despite their struggles, Ake has remained as impressive and dependable as ever, with his calmness at the back invaluable. The defender joined Bournemouth from Chelsea for  £20m in 2017 - and the Blues have been linked with activating his  £40m buy-back clause.  A huge contributing factor to Bournemouth's woes this season has been their lack of creativity. The Cherries are the league's joint second lowest goal scorers, and this has been partly due to Ryan Fraser's inability to hit top gear, and partly due to the absence of David Brooks. The midfielder - who grabbed seven goals and five assists last season - has missed the majority of the campaign with an ankle injury.  Brooks signed a new contract with Bournemouth in March 2019, keeping him at the club until 2022, but he has reportedly been lined up by Manchester United as an alternative signing should they fail to land Jadon Sancho. Despite only fully establishing himself in the Norwich first team this season, Cantwell has fast emerged as one of Norwich's most important players.  His confidence, flair and balance have see the 22-year-old effortlessly take to life in the top flight, and this has not gone unnoticed by the Premier League's elite. Liverpool and Tottenham have both been linked with a move for Cantwell, whose Norwich deal expires in 2022. While Cantwell has enjoyed a breakthrough season at Carrow Road this year, Buendia was an integral part of the Canaries' surprise promotion surge during the 2018/19 season, grabbing eight goals and 12 assists. Irresistible on his day with his quick feet and deft flicks, Buendia played down talk of a move away from Norwich in June, despite his side's lowly league position. The 23-year-old was recently the subject of a reported enquiry from Leeds, who could replace the Canaries in the top flight next season if all goes according to plan for Marcelo Bielsa's side. A point currently separates Watford from the bottom three. Should they suffer the drop, it is difficult to imagine Deulofeu being enthusiastic about getting the s*** kicked out of him at Rotherham on a Tuesday night. The former Barcelona man is sublime on his day - with a fabulous display in last season's FA Cup semi final victory over Wolves a reminder of what he is capable of when he is in the mood. Deulofeu is currently facing a lengthy spell on the sidelines after rupturing his ACL in March, but has been mentioned in passing as a potential cheaper alternative for Liverpool after opting not to bid for Timo Werner. The Reds have a history of raiding recently relegated sides, having signed Andy Robertson, Georginio Wijnaldum and Xherdan Shaqiri over the past few seasons. Rice enjoyed a particularly impressive season during the 2018/19 campaign, winning the West Ham player of the season and earning his first England call up.