Tottenham Hotspur have joined the growing list of teams interested in Feyenoord striker Santiago Gimenez, sources close to 90min confirm. Spurs are eyeing Feyenoord manager Arne Slot and have eyes on midfielder Orkun Kokcu, but Gimenez has also caught their eye. The north London club is currently monitoring the forward as the summer transfer window fast approaches, but they are not the only ones in the race. As previously reported by 90min, Aston Villa, Brentford, Brighton, Crystal Palace and relegation-threatened Leicester stand among those keeping a close eye on Gimenez. Several clubs in France, Italy and Germany remain interested as well, namely Lille, Eintracht Frankfurt and Napoli. No official offers have yet been made to Feyenoord, however. Gimenez adjusted quickly to the Dutch Eredivisie after arriving ahead of the 2022/23 campaign, scoring 23 goals so far this season in all competitions. But it's his recent form - 11 goals in his last 10 appearances and scoring in eight consecutive Eredivisie away games - that has attracted interest from across Europe. The Mexico international's contributions inspired Feyenoord to Eredivisie title glory, leading the league with 82 points in 33 games to beat giants Ajax and PSV to the championship. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed There is a thought among interested teams suggesting that Gimenez would benefit from another year in the Eredivisie, sources have added. Nevertheless, the fast-paced nature of the transfer market could result in an immediate move. Feyenoord general manager Dennis te Kloese previously insisted they are not interested in selling Gimenez. "He's an important player for us, he is not for sale, we are not interested," Te Kloese said. "I feel, and it is my humble opinion, that Santiago has to keep up with this rhythm, get even stronger, take advantage of the fact that he is here in a team that could stand out at a high European level next year and those experiences are not going to be taken away from him." "So he will go forward very calmly, step by step and we will help him, push him, trying to create the best circumstances for him to stand out, because it is good for him and for the club." The summer transfer window opens on June 13.  LISTEN NOW