Manchester United, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain are all monitoring the situation of Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, whose future could once again be up in the air if the Italian side fail to reach the Champions League. A regular in the gossip column every summer, Milinkovic-Savic has enjoyed another solid year for Lazio, racking up seven goals and nine assists in 26 appearances so far, but despite his good form, Lazio are facing an uphill battle to qualify for the Champions League. I Biancocelesti currently find themselves sixth in the Serie A standings, six points behind Atalanta in fourth, but they do have a game in hand on the sides above them. Champions League qualification is clearly still a possibility, and according to La Gazzetta dello Sport, it could be crucial in convincing Milinkovic-Savic to stay at the club. As the story goes, long-term admirers United, Real and PSG are all sniffing around and are keen to offer the 26-year-old the top level European football he is looking for. 100 - Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is the third foreign player to have won 100 Serie A games with Lazio in the three points for a win era - behind Stefan Radu (160) and Senad Lulic (148). Aquilotto. pic.twitter.com/eJDvhkr0n0 That's all this report says, so there isn't really much to digest. Those three teams have all been scouting Milinkovic-Savic for a while and would likely be interested if he hit the market. That's sort of how the transfer world works. It's not as if Lazio will be feeling any pressure either. Milinkovic-Savic remains under contract until 2024, so they don't need to sell anytime soon, but it's clear that Champions League football is on the midfielder's mind.    I have a long contract, I don't think about the future, only finishing in the top four with Lazio," he said after bagging a late winner against Verona on Sunday. Milinkovic-Savic's future has always been linked to that of Paul Pogba, to whom the Serb has often been billed as a potential alternative. United were always said to want him if they lose the Frenchman, while any of his other suitors (including Juventus) were only keen if they missed out on the United man's signature.