Jurgen Klopp has warned Liverpool fans not to expect much more from the Reds in the January transfer window, but refused to rule out making a move if the right deal arises. Liverpool moved early to snap up Dutch star Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven, parting with an initial  £37m to fend off competition from the likes of Manchester United, who had been expected to win the race for the 23-year-old. Asked whether fans can expect more business from Liverpool, Klopp left the door open but made a point of highlighting the Reds' conservative record when it comes to past windows.    I am now seven years and a few months here and every transfer window is pretty much the same,    he said.    We talk about these things as though money wouldn   t play a role. Like,    Who cares   .    It is never like this, that you could just spend money. I  don   t want to disappoint anybody but we signed an outstanding player like Cody Gakpo and the next thing you can read is,    Who next?       It is like we didn   t have a team, honestly. We cannot play like Monopoly. We never did and I don   t understand it.    Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Man Utd   s ongoing interest in Dutch duo Cody Gakpo and Frenkie de Jong, Josko Gvardiol   s future, Gabriel Martinelli and more! Available on  all audio platforms. If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! He continued:    Of course, we cannot just spend and never could, surprisingly. We always sorted our situations and it is a big part of my philosophy, really working full of faith and trust with the players we have and not constantly questioning them by telling them we need another player for that position or that position.    With Cody, it is obvious. Not only because we have that void [on the left] now, the quality he has, the timing is perfect - if we waited until the summer he would be more expensive or someone else would have picked him.    It is clear that you need real quality in all positions and probably two teams on the same level that you can rotate, and that is what we try to prepare.