Neymar's move to Paris Saint-Germain in 2017 shocked the world, Gareth Bale waited all summer to switch Tottenham for Real Madrid in 2013, and Cristiano Ronaldo swapped England for Spain to incredible effect. It is a sign of great faith to spend such a huge amount of money on one player, but it carries with it the expectation that the player will reward that faith with performances - and if they do not, fans will not be forgiving.   Many great players have risen to the pressure of their transfer fee, but others have been crushed under the burden of expectations placed upon them.   Here are the 50 most expensive transfers of all time. From: Juventus to Bayern Munich, 2022Fee:    67m +    10m add-onsAfter captaining Ajax at the age of 18, it was obvious that Matthijs de Ligt was destined for the very top of the game.A three-year spell at Juventus followed some early Eredivisie success with Ajax, before Bayern came calling to make De Ligt the cornerstone of their defence for years to come.Not only was it a second huge transfer for the Dutchman, it took his career transfer fees beyond    150m. From: Leicester to Man City, 2018Fee:    67.8mRiyad Mahrez went on temporary strike at Leicester to force through a move to Man City in 2018.While he may fall victim to Pep Roulette as most City stars do, the Algerian has proven himself as an incredibly reliable forward at the Etihad, becoming a bigger and greater goal threat each season. From: Benfica to Man City, 2020Fee:    68m +    3.6m add-onsAfter growing a little worried by his shaky defence in 2019/20, Guardiola went big with the blockbuster signing of Ruben Dias.The Portugal international had an immediate impact, leading City back to the Premier League title and winning the Player of the Year award in the process. From: Liverpool to Man City, 2015Fee:    69.1mAfter a pretty ugly contract dispute with Liverpool, Raheem Sterling made the controversial switch to Man City. At the time, he was both the most expensive English player ever and the most expensive teenager ever.Guardiola turned the winger into a goalscoring machine, although the 2021/22 season ended with a move to Premier League rivals Chelsea. From: Inter to Barcelona, 2009Fee:    69.5mJust three weeks after watching Real Madrid splash out on Kaka, Barcelona tried to one-up their rivals with a    69.5m move for Zlatan Ibrahimovic.He netted 22 goals in 46 games in his only season at Camp Nou, but Ibrahimovic grew tired of being pushed out of position for Lionel Messi."You bought a Ferrari, but you drive it like a Fiat," he famously told Pep Guardiola before being offloaded to AC Milan. From: Eintracht Frankfurt to Real Madrid, 2019Fee:    70m2018/19: Luka Jovic scores 27 goals and earns a    70m move to Real.2019/20: Luka Jovic scores two goals and earns a loan back to Frankfurt.No prizes for guessing who won this deal. From: Atletico Madrid to Man City, 2019Fee:    70mMan City broke their transfer record to land Spanish midfielder Rodri in 2019.Billed as a replacement for the indefatigable Fernandinho, Rodri made the position his own in 2020/21, shining as City lifted the Premier League trophy that season and the one after. From: Bayer Leverkusen to Chelsea, 2020Fee:    70m +    9m add-onsAs one of the few sides that remained in a healthy financial state after the COVID-19 shutdown, Chelsea took advantage and swooped in to land German starlet Kai Havertz.He didn't have the easiest debut season, but he did score the winning goal in the Champions League final. He's improved steadily, so expect the attacker to start bossing Premier League games more regularly. From: Lille to Napoli, 2019Fee:    70m +    10m add-onsCompared to a young Didier Drogba, Victor Osimhen is seen by many as the next great African striker.He shone in Ligue 1 with Lille, earning himself a blockbuster move to Napoli in 2019. He's been brilliant there, scoring consistently as I Partenopei continue to tease a title challenge. From: Shakhtar Donetsk to Chelsea, 2023Fee:    70m +    30m add-onsIt looked for all the world that Mykhailo Mudryk would be joining Premier League leaders (at the time) Arsenal at the beginning of 2023 January transfer window.The Ukrainian had teased his arrival on social media, Mikel Arteta had grinned like a Cheshire Cat when asked about him in a press conference and the deal was reported to be all but done.But in swept Todd Boehly and his enormous Chelsea chequebook to sign Mudryk in a whirlwind deal worth    70m initially and potentially as much as    100m. From: Real Madrid to Manchester United, 2022Fee:    71m +    11.8m add-onsOne of the most successful players in modern times, world class defensive midfielder Casemiro swapped Madrid for Manchester in the summer of 2022 for just over    70m.Some felt that was a hefty price to pay for the 30-year-old, who has never been the quickest mover, but there's no disputing he is one of the great readers of the game.Add that to an incredible work rate, sublime passing ability and a surprise eye for goal, and you feel that United's midfield is safe for years to come. From: Barcelona to Juventus, 2020Fee:    72m +    10m add-onsJuventus couldn't believe their luck when they were offered the chance to send an ageing Miralem Pjanic to Barcelona in exchange for Brazilian Arthur in a deal which technically wasn't a swap deal (but definitely was).Despite getting the best side of the deal, Juventus couldn't get the best out of the Brazilian - so much so that he was loaned to Liverpool as they desperately sought midfield cover in 2022. From: Roma to Liverpool, 2018Fee:    73mLoris Karius' disastrous performance in the 2018 Champions League final forced Jurgen Klopp to swallow his pride and dip into the transfer market for a world class goalkeeper in the form of Alisson.It was money well spent as Alisson quickly glued Liverpool's defence together, shining en route to Champions League and Premier League glory. From: Real Madrid to Man Utd, 2014Fee:    74.6mDi Maria had been named Man of the Match in the Champions League final as Real Madrid finally clinched La Decima in 2014, so it looked like United had struck gold broke their transfer record to sign the Argentine a few months later.*Narrator voice*: They would not strike gold.A failure to settle in England saw Di Maria's form crumble and he was shipped out to PSG for a loss 12 months later. From: Fiorentina to Juventus, 2022Fee:    75mFiorentina fans don't like Juventus, mainly because their club is always selling its best players to the Italian giants.Juan Cuadrado, Federico Bernardeschi and Federico Chiesa are among those who have recently switched from purple to black and white, but Vlahovic became the latest when he joined Juve for    75m.His goalscoring feats at I Viola were terrific and he's made an excellent start at Juve, too. From: Ajax to Barcelona, 2019Fee:    75mAfter months of speculation, the Frenkie de Jong transfer saga finally came to an end in January 2019 when the Dutch midfielder agreed to join Barcelona at the end of the season.De Jong was meant to dominate Barca's midfield for a decade, but instead the romance looks to be done after a disagreement over wages and bonuses.Manchester United are waiting in the wings, with another potentially high fee in De Jong's future. From: Wolfsburg to Man City, 2015Fee:    75mTwo years after Jose Mourinho decided Kevin De Bruyne wasn't good enough for the Premier League, Manuel Pellegrini brought him back to England, paying a hefty sum to sign the Belgian from Wolfsburg.The Belgian maestro has been one of the world's best creators since returning to England in 2015 and has turned City into one of the scariest sides around. From: Ajax to Juventus, 2019Fee:    75m +    10.5m add-onsSix months after seeing team-mate De Jong agree his blockbuster move away from Ajax, Matthijs de Ligt made the headlines himself by agreeing a switch to Juventus which could be worth in excess of    85m.Learning from Giorgio Chiellini and Leonardo Bonucci, De Ligt seemed to be in the perfect place to continue his footballing development. But Juve's sharp decline and a failure to command a regular starting spot led to a transfer to Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich in 2022. From: Benfica to Liverpool, 2022Fee:    75m +    25m add-onsLiverpool don't always spend bucket-loads on one player in particular, but broke that trend in 2022 to bring in Benfica hot-shot Darwin Nunez.The Uruguayan impressed in Champions League fixtures against the Reds in 2021/22, also ending the season with 34 club goals in all competitions.He's likely to spearhead the attack as the central striker with help from the likes of Mohamed Salah, Luis Diaz, Cody Gakpo, Roberto Firmino and Diogo Jota. From: Juventus to Real Madrid, 2001Fee:    77.5mThat volley against Bayer Leverkusen in the 2002 Champions League final was almost worth the entirety of the    77.5m Real spent on Zinedine Zidane, although the Spanish side did feel a little short-changed when he retired from playing after just five years at the club.Nevertheless, he remained close with Los Blancos and eventually enjoyed two successful spells as manager of the club, the most recent of which came to an end in 2021. From: Real Madrid to Chelsea, 2017Fee:    78.9mConte's Chelsea downfall began when he decided to replace Diego Costa with Alvaro Morata in the summer of 2017. Costa had just scored 20 goals to help Chelsea win the Premier League title in 2016/17; Morata had never scored more than 15 in a league campaign.After a bright start, Morata's form fell off a cliff and he was loaned out to Atletico Madrid just 18 months after arriving, having managed just 24 goals in 72 appearances for the Blues. From: Lille to Arsenal, 2019Fee:    79mArsenal's lack of transfer funds was being mocked in 2019, but then the Gunners came out and dropped    79m on one of the most in-demand players around at the time, Nicolas Pepe.Unfortunately, the Ivorian was inconsistent to say the least and was loaned back to Ligue 1 during 2022/23. From: Man Utd to Inter, 2019Fee:    80mRomelu Lukaku managed just two seasons at Old Trafford and found himself struggling to break into Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's team towards the end of the 2018/19 season. As a result, he began pushing for an exit.An    80m move to Inter followed, and the Serie A side quickly determined that an undiagnosed digestive issue had been behind his slump in form in England.That was sorted out, and Lukaku quickly turned back into one of the world's best strikers, winning the Serie A title in 2020/21. He left for Chelsea soon after but was back at the club on loan just a season later. From: Atletico Madrid to Bayern Munich, 2019Fee:    80mAfter shining at the 2018 World Cup, Lucas Hernandez spent the next season proving he was one of the best defenders around, and Bayern Munich were so impressed that they shelled out a cool    80m to sign him.Injuries have prevented Lucas from matching that form in Germany, and the jury's still out on whether this was actually a good deal. From: Athletic Club to Chelsea, 2018Fee:    80mChelsea were scrambling to replace Thibaut Courtois in 2018 and ended up triggering Kepa Arrizabalaga's sky-high release clause.His debut season was solid, but Kepa's form soon fell off a cliff. The world's most expensive goalkeeper put up some historically poor statistics and was benched by Edouard Mendy in 2020.The Spaniard is now fighting for his Stamford Bridge career. From: Monaco to Real Madrid, 2014Fee:    80mJames Rodriguez rode the wave of the 2014 World Cup right to the Santiago Bernabeu.He dominated in his debut season but was soon bitten by the injury bug, and Rodriguez eventually lost his place in the squad.He spent two years on loan with Bayern Munich before joining Everton in 2020. That didn't go well and he's since been lost to football limbo. So sad, especially if you're one of those who watch his stunning volley against Uruguay daily. From: Monaco to Real Madrid, 2022Fee:    80m +    20m add-onsReal Madrid's incredible midfield core of Casemiro, Toni Kroos and Luka Modric had to pass to torch on one day, and Aurelien Tchouameni was the first player to step up to the plate.A breakout few years with Monaco saw the Frenchman receive senior international honours before a move to the Bernabeu in 2022. A six-year deal was penned, despite huge interest from elsewhere, so he's clearly one for the future despite being so talented and experienced already. From: Leicester to Chelsea, 2022Fee:    80.6mChelsea's love of signing centre-backs eventually led them to one of Europe's brightest young prospects, Wesley Fofana.He'd shown in a short space of time at Leicester just how good he could be, though his time at the King Power was disrupted by a couple of serious injuries. Nevertheless, Chelsea had seen enough to part with just over    80m in order to seal the deal. From: Liverpool to Barcelona, 2014Fee:    82.3mNo price tag would have been enough for Liverpool to happily part with  Luis Suarez, but they couldn't stand in the way of his dream move to Barcelona when the Catalans came calling in 2014.Suarez bagged a whopping 195 goals in 283 appearances for Barcelona, who inexplicably decided he would be useless in 2020/21, despite having just scored 16 goals in the previous season.He was booted out the door to Atletico Madrid for pennies but ended up having the last laugh as he bagged 21 goals in 32 games to fire Atleti to the league title. From: Southampton to Liverpool, 2018Fee:    84.5mSome people were sceptical when Liverpool smashed their transfer record to make Virgil van Dijk the world's most expensive defender in January 2018, but it quickly became apparent why they had done that.Van Dijk transformed Liverpool's defence and led them to the Champions League final, and he went from strength to strength after that, winning both European and English titles soon after. From: Everton to Man Utd, 2017Fee:    84.8mRomelu Lukaku  can count himself unfortunate to have attracted so much criticism after joining United in 2017. He averaged nearly a goal every other game in his debut season, but was accused of not being mobile enough and only scoring against lesser sides.With 27 goals in all competitions, his debut  season was actually the most prolific of Lukaku's career up until 2019/20. His form didn't last, and United ended up selling him to Inter in the summer of 2019. From: Borussia Dortmund to Man Utd, 2021Fee:    85.3mIt took United well over a year, but they finally landed Jadon Sancho in the summer of 2021.The    85.3m fee was considerably lower than the    120m quoted by Dortmund 12 months earlier, so if you ignore the circus that was this entire transfer saga, things probably worked out alright for United. From: Santos to Barcelona, 2013Fee:    86.2mBarcelona initially claimed their acquisition of Neymar was worth just    57.1m, but an investigation into the deal revealed the truth.It turned out that the Blaugrana had shelled out a cool    86.2m to land the Brazilian, who would eventually make them their money back and then some. From: Leicester to Man Utd, 2019Fee:    87.1mThe most expensive defender of all time, and maybe one of history's patchiest players ever, too.At times it can look like Harry Maguire has done enough to convince most of his talent, but rocky spells at Old Trafford have been dogged by defensive uncertainty and calamity, with the England star attracting plenty of criticism.Erik ten Hag could revitalise the former Leicester star, but right now the jury is still out. From: Napoli to Juventus, 2016Fee:    90mIn their efforts to finally win that elusive Champions League title, Juventus raided Serie A rivals Napoli for Gonzalo Higuain in 2016. It was a fair price for a striker whose 36 goals the previous season was the highest total in Serie A since 1928/29.Higuain didn't quite scale to those heights in Turin, though he did score 40 goals in 73 league appearances before loan spells with both AC Milan and Chelsea led to a permanent exit in 2020. From: Man Utd to Real Madrid, 2009Fee:    94mNothing that costs    94m can be described as a bargain, but this will go down as one of the greatest transfers ever despite the extortionate price.  Cristiano Ronaldo  arrived at Real as one of the best players in the world and left having established himself  as one of the best players of all time.In nine seasons at the Bernabeu, Ronaldo scored a staggering 450 goals in 438 appearances, won the Ballon d'Or four times, and won every possible trophy at least twice, including four Champions League titles. From: Ajax to Man Utd, 2022Fee:    95m +    5m add-onsOne of the first things Erik ten Hag wanted to do after taking charge at Manchester United was freshen up his front line.Right wing had long been a problem position for the Red Devils, with Jadon Sancho - who had been targeted for the role for the best part of two years - quickly finding himself out on the left after his 2021 move.Ten Hag quickly identified Antony, who he worked with at Ajax, as his number one target, though negotiations dragged on for weeks and months. A deal was eventually agreed, with United agreeing to fork out    95m and some added change for the flamboyant Brazilian. From: Real Madrid to Juventus, 2018Fee:    100mGuess who's back? Juventus watched Real Madrid win three consecutive Champions League titles and decided they wouldn't mind a piece of the action, and they were prepared to spend big to get it.Goals flooded in with Ronaldo but at the detriment of the team. A rebuild in Turin was needed and the Portugal legend returned to Manchester United in 2021. They too learned that having Ronaldo on the books is not always as fun as it sounds. From: Chelsea to Real Madrid, 2019Fee:    100m +    40m add-onsReal Madrid weren't prepared to wait an extra 12 months to sign Eden Hazard on a free and instead agreed to pay what could end up being    145m for the Belgian winger.Sadly, injuries plagued Hazard from the off and prevented him from coming anywhere close to the elite form which convinced Real to make the move.Unless something dramatic happens, this move will forever be remembered as one of the worst transfers in history. From: Tottenham to Real Madrid, 2013Fee:    100.8mGareth Bale popped up with some huge goals for Real Madrid - predominantly in important finals - and played his part in some all-time great moment. But injury struggles and the media storm that followed him turned this one into a comedy skit, and the back end of his career at the club panned out pretty poorly.He left in 2022 for Major League Soccer with LAFC. At least now no one will bother him about his love of golf. From: Juventus to Man Utd, 2016Fee:    105mSir Alex Ferguson didn't make many mistakes in his illustrious career, but allowing  Paul Pogba  to leave United for nothing in 2012 may be one of his biggest. Pogba's attitude was called into question, but that did not seem to be a problem at Juventus  as he became one of the best midfielders in Serie A.Four years after letting him leave, United brought Pogba back to Old Trafford for a then-world record sum. He was amazing in spells, but never truly lived up to the billing in a poor era for the Red Devils.He left for free again in 2022 and returnedJuventus, who are no doubt laughing over the fact they've signed the World Cup winner twice for a combined fee of absolutely nothing. From: Borussia Dortmund to Barcelona, 2017Fee:    105m +    45m add-onsBarcelona took a leap of faith when they spent over     100m to sign  Ousmane Dembele  from Dortmund in 2017. The Frenchman had only had one season in the Bundesliga, but Bar  a scouts were convinced that this was a player who could become one of the world's best.On the whole, it hasn't gone that well because of a raft of injuries. However, Dembele was brilliant in the second half of the 2021/22 season and has established himself as one of Xavi's primary starters - he also commanded a place in the France side that reached the World Cup final. From: Inter to Chelsea, 2021Fee:    115mChelsea decided they were sick of struggling without a star striker, so they splashed a whopping    115m to bring Romelu Lukaku back from Inter.He returned as one of the game's deadliest forwards, but talk of his unhappiness in England and desire to return to Italy was rife in his first season back at Stamford Bridge.A badly timed interview with Sky Italia did him no favours and he soon dropped out of favour with manager Thomas Tuchel.Chelsea forked out    115m for the Belgian, but he managed only 15 goals in 44 appearances during the 2021/22 campaign and has since returned to Inter on loan. From: Aston Villa to Manchester City, 2021Fee:    117mManchester City broke the bank in the summer of 2021 to sign England cult hero and Aston Villa captain Jack Grealish, adding even more quality to their already unbelievable senior squad.He won the Premier League title in his first season with the Citizens, but bigger and better things are in the pipeline. From: Atletico Madrid to Barcelona, 2019Fee:    120mThe Antoine Griezmann transfer saga had literally everything.He rejected Barcelona in 2018 using a documentary produced by Gerard Pique's company, only to sign for the club 12 months later amid a tapping-up scandal that led to a formal complaint from Atletico.All of that for a transfer that was pretty rubbish from start to finish. He's now back at Atletico. From: Liverpool to Barcelona, 2018Fee:    120m +    40m add-onsPhilippe Coutinho joined Barcelona from Liverpool in January 2018 in search of trophies and acclaim, and he got what he desired - winning two league titles in a row. But he could only watch on as former club Liverpool lifted the big one in 2019, smashing Coutinho's  Barcelona en route to the Champions League  final itself.Coutinho has struggled. So much so, in fact, that  if you were to label this  one of the worst transfers of all time, you'd actually have a strong case (he's 90min's number 3). Barca are reported to have paid an initial    120m to Liverpool, with a series of add-ons paid down the line - coming after sealing Champions League qualification, winning the tournament itself and in blocks of appearances. From: Benfica to Chelsea, 2023Fee:    121mEnzo Fernandez became one of the many faces of Todd Boehly's Chelsea revolution when he joined the Blues in January 2023 for    121m.The midfielder had just won the World Cup in Qatar with Argentina, inflating his price tag at former club Benfica, and after some early negotiations Chelsea returned at the end of January to force the deal over the line.They've paid over the odds for Fernandez's potential, so he has plenty of convincing to do. From: Benfica to Atletico Madrid, 2019Fee:    126mOne of the world's most exciting prospects, Joao Felix sealed a move to Atletico in 2019 despite being courted by almost all of Europe's biggest clubs in the months before the move was made official.Felix burst onto the scene at Benfica, and  Atletico  fancied him so much that they decided on paying his entire    126m release clause as they attempted to replace the outgoing Antoine Griezmann. 30 goals and three seasons later, it's fair to say results have been mixed. From: Monaco to PSG, 2018Fee:    145m +     35m add-onsThere's no disputing that the most frightening striker on the planet is Kylian Mbappe.The Frenchman has won the World Cup already, scooped the Golden Boot in another, and is one of the highest profile players in the game.PSG paid big money for Mbappe in 2018, knowing how good he would be, so the question now is whether he can lead them to the Champions League before potentially heading to Real Madrid. From: Barcelona to PSG,  2017Fee:    222mNeymar's move from Barcelona to PSG in 2017 didn't so much break the world transfer record as smash it into a million pieces. He became the first player to command a nine-figure sum, with the  £198m fee being more than double the previous record of Pogba.Was it worth it? Neymar has been prolific in front of goal and  PSG won the domestic treble in his first season. League titles have been a breeze (except for last season) but the Champions League is still missing.Neymar did sign a new contract in 2021, though there have been rumours of a potential departure. Watch this space. The most expensive goalkeeper ever bought is Kepa Arrizabalaga. The Spaniard joined Chelsea from Athletic Club for    80m in 2018 as the Premier League heavyweights sought to replace Thibaut Courtois after he joined Real Madrid. Kepa broke the record that Alisson Becker briefly held after joining Liverpool - Italian legend Gianluigi Buffon had previously been the most expensive goalkeeper of all time for close to two decades. Manchester United have broken a number of records during their storied history, with one such feather in their cap being the purchase of the world's most expensive defender of all time; Harry Maguire. The Englishman took the crown of Netherlands defender Virgil van Dijk after joining the Red Devils from Leicester for    87.1m. He's not in the picture to be ranked among the world's best midfielder just, but it'll take one hefty bid to displace Enzo Fernandez as the world's priciest midfielder ever. Benfica were reluctant to let him leave halfway through the season but recouped an incredible fee for the Argentina World Cup winner to ensure he joined Chelsea. There were plenty of eyebrows raised when Paris Saint-Germain decided to fork out    145m +    35m in add-ons for teenager Kylian Mbappe, but it didn't take long for the world to work out that it may have actually been good value. Clearly a player with the potential to become one of the best ever, Mbappe's closest competition in the most expensive teenager stakes is Joao Felix - though his move cost Atletico over    50m less. Gareth Bale became the first British player to breach the    100m mark when he joined Real Madrid from Tottenham in 2013, but his crown as the most expensive Brit ever now belongs to Jack Grealish. Manchester City paid    117m to take him to the Etihad Stadium in 2021, becoming the first  £100m British player in the process.