Newcastle United's majority shareholders PIF are interested in bringing Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar to the Premier League, sources have told 90min. PIF want Newcastle to make a 'marquee' signing this summer, and believe the fact they are set to finish in the top four and qualify for the Champions League should be used to their advantage. A potential move for Cristiano Ronaldo has also been discussed by PIF, and they do have a direct relationship with his current club Al-Nassr, but the 38-year-old is not considered a natural fit in the Newcastle team moving forward by manager Eddie Howe.  Sources insist that despite interest in Ronaldo, they would not, and will never, force any player into the manager's squad that he and the coaching staff didn't want to integrate. Neymar, however, is a different case. Newcastle are in the market for a left-sided forward before next season and would like to strengthen their squad ahead of their likely return to the Champions League - adding desired star power in the process. feed 31-year-old Neymar is also seen as a relatively natural fit within the squad which would also continue to elevate its quality - a strong Brazilian contingent has already been built, with Bruno Guimaraes and Joelinton two of the club's most popular and in-form players this season. 90min understands that PSG are open to selling Neymar in the summer as they look to fix what many consider a broken culture at the club, with Lionel Messi's departure also confirmed earlier this week after an unauthorised trip to Saudi Arabia. He has been suspended from the club for two weeks and will leave when his contract expires in June. Neymar could be next on the agenda, though PSG realise only a handful of clubs in the world would be able to facilitate a deal for the Brazilian. He still has two years left on his current contract with an option to extend by a year, but PSG want to part ways before next season. The former Barcelona forward has long been a target for a section of PSG supporters who feel he is not performing at this best and should leave the club. Only this week he was the subject of a protest outside his house in the French capital.      PSG fans in front of Neymar's house pic.twitter.com/wXgIOBNM6M Neymar has been with PSG since 2017 when they paid Barcelona a world record    222m, and they would look to recoup a significant fee for him. Sources have told 90min that PSG would likely require a deal in excess of  £75m, but with PIF, and Champions League financing, that would not be an issue for Newcastle. Newcastle know they can afford the deal, but also believe they could offer Neymar a move to a club where he would be 'loved' and 'worshipped' by the club's fanbase. Marketing opportunities are also, clearly, an option that any club looking to sign him would take into consideration. Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea are also been linked with a move, and 90min understands that all the Premier League's major clubs are being kept abreast of developments with Neymar and his future by the player's representatives.