Chelsea have gone into crisis mode over the turn of the year. Fans have grown tired of manager Graham Potter after he was appointed in September. After an initial nine-game unbeaten run, the Blues have won just two of their last nine matches, exiting both the Carabao Cup and FA Cup to Manchester City on both occasions. Off the pitch, owner Todd Boehly has been keen to make his mark. He may have recently left his interim sporting director role, but plans to strengthen the squad further in January hint at the billionaire's desire to improve the current state of play. Here's all the Chelsea news you need to see you through Wednesday. Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey,  Toby Cudworth  and  Tom Gott  in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week they discuss Chelsea   s hectic transfer strategy, which includes a loan move for Joao Felix and interest in Romeo Lavia and Marcus Thuram among others, Man Utd   s pursuit of Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, Leandro Trossard   s Brighton future and more. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast!   Graham Potter was somewhat non-committal when asked about the impact Felix could have on the squad. While impressed by the Portugal international's technical ability, the former Brighton boss insisted he needs the whole team performing well rather than one individual. When asked if Felix could solve Chelsea's goalscoring woes, Potter enthused: "My thoughts are that you have to fix the team and it's not just one person to solve your problems. You have to fix the team, attack better, create more chances. Then whoever is playing there can score and we can win." Chelsea fans will be hoping Felix's signing proves to be inspired January business rather than another winter flop. Players like Juan Cuadrado and Fernando Torres have arrived in January and failed to fulfil their potential, making for frustrated Blues fans. Fancy delving into that dark side a bit? Course you do. Graham Potter gave injury updates on a key Chelsea trio including Christian Pulisic ahead of Thursday's game. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Raheem Sterling both picked up knocks in the Carabao Cup against Manchester City, but Potter has confirmed Pulisic - who has featured in three clubs games since the World Cup - isn't an imminent returnee. As is the case with all transfer signings, Chelsea fans can't wait to see their new star in action. They may not have long to wait, either. The Blues are in action on Thursday night when they take on Fulham before a home clash with Crystal Palace on Sunday. It's been confirmed Felix will take the number 11 shirt during his brief stay at Stamford Bridge. Timo Werner was the last player to claim that number in west London, though Pedro's four-year stint previously was undeniably more successful. Felix's arrival gives manager Potter a selection dilemma at the top end of the pitch. Will he play as a sole nine or in a supporting role behind Kai Havertz or Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang? Atletico Madrid have extended Felix's contract by another season to take him to June 2027 at Wanda Metropolitano. Chelsea don't have a buy option in their deal for Felix, though there have been some rumblings of discontent in the camp over strict manager Diego Simeone's regime. Chelsea have agreed a loan deal with Atletico Madrid for forward Joao Felix for the remainder of the 2022/23 season. The Blues will pay around    10m for the loan, bolstering Graham Potter's misfiring forward line. Graham Potter has stepped into the shoes of a number of iconic Stamford Bridge managers but is yet to get his side firing. The switch from the south coast to England's capital started promisingly but Potter has run into form and system issues as well as consistent injuries plaguing his side's star players. When compared to his predecessors, Potter's stats make for grim reading. Chelsea have joined Tottenham in the transfer tussle for Sporting CP wing back Pedro Porro. The 23-year-old joined the Portuguese side permanently in the summer following a previous loan and has caught the eye in both the Champions League and Primeira Liga. However, Sporting are refusing to negotiate and insist any buying club must activate his    45m release clause. Tributes have poured in around the football world in honour of Gianluca Vialli, the Italy legend who passed away last week. The former Champions League, UEFA Cup and Cup Winners' Cup winner finished his career at Chelsea, becoming player-manager and winning the FA Cup and League Cup alongside another UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. Vialli made 88 appearances for Chelsea, scoring 40 goals. He had previously spent his career in Italy with Cremonese, Sampdoria and Juventus. Talks between Borussia Dortmund and Chelsea target Youssoufa Moukoko continue to stall and it looks likely the young attacker will leave in the summer. Moukoko came through the club's youth system and his representatives have asked for a release clause in any new deal.  Chelsea have held talks with his agents alongside Newcastle, while Arsenal, Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester United all remain interested. Chelsea have spoken to the representatives of Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram over a January loan, 90min understands. The Frenchman appeared for his country at the winter World Cup and is out of contract in Germany later this year. The Blues had previously tried to Christopher Nkunku to Stamford Bridge early to address their goalscoring issues to no avail. Chelsea remain interested in a transfer for Southampton starlet Romeo Lavia and could make a move this month, 90min understands. The 19-year-old Belgian only left Manchester City for the Saints in the summer but saw late interest from Chelsea in the same window.