Chelsea are open to allowing striker Olivier Giroud to leave the club in January as a sign of their gratitude towards the Frenchman. Giroud has found minutes hard to come by under Frank Lampard, who has often preferred either Tammy Abraham or Timo Werner at the top of his team sheet, and the World Cup winner recently confessed that he may be forced to look for a new club in January. He found himself in a similar position last season but was convinced to snub Inter and stay at Stamford Bridge, where he commanded a spot in the starting lineup and led Chelsea to fourth place, but he has been right back on the bench this campaign. According to The Athletic's Simon Johnson, Chelsea are sympathetic to Giroud's situation. They are aware that his spot in France's national team is at risk and they don't want to be the reason he misses out, so they are open to letting Giroud go. There is said to be a 'very good chance' that Chelsea will part ways with the 34-year-old in January, and the Blues are even prepared to offload him without finding a replacement. As of yet, no formal decision has been made. Chelsea are monitoring the fitness of their current squad to see whether Giroud will be needed as cover, but if nothing changes and Abraham and Werner continue to be available for selection, the Blues are prepared to listen to any offers for the Frenchman. Chelsea are keen to reward Giroud for his professionalism and years of service to the club, similar to the ways they allowed Cesc Fabregas and Branislav Ivanovic to walk away from Stamford Bridge in the last few years. In terms of possible destinations for Giroud, Inter are believed to remain keen, and his agent Michael Manuello recently confessed to Foot Mercato that a move overseas seems most likely for Giroud.    Olivier is looking for a place where he can enjoy playing, have a good quality of life and feel strong emotions," he said. "So if he can ever discover something new again, he will look for something new. It would be ideal for him to discover another culture.