Arsenal have told Folarin Balogun's representatives to work on finding a new club after he again rejected the chance to discuss a new deal, 90min understands. The 21-year-old, who recently switched his international allegiance from England to the United States of America, spent the 2022/23 season on loan at Stade Reims, and enjoyed a fruitful spell as he scored 21 goals in 37 Ligue 1 appearances. Only Kylian Mbappe, Alexandre Lacazette and Jonathan David had a better scoring record in France's top flight than Balogun last season, so there were high hopes for the younster returning to Arsenal and getting a chance to impress under Mikel Arteta. "What I can say is that I definitely won't go on loan again," Balogun recently stressed about his future. "I'm not sure [about] the discussions that are going to take place, I'm not sure what's going to happen." But rather than Balogun being given a route into Arsenal's first team, a permanent departure from the Emirates Stadium appears to be the most likely scenario at present. feed Sources have confirmed to 90min that Balogun has again rejected the opportunity to renew his contract at Arsenal, while reiterating that he has no intention to be farmed out on loan - something the club had been considering given they have Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah ahead of him in the pecking order, as well as Kai Havertz also on his way in from Chelsea. Arsenal have told Balogun's representatives to begin work on finding a new club, with an alternative resolution not looking likely at this stage. Crystal Palace, West Ham, Brentford, Fulham and Everton are among the clubs to have made contact, 90min further understands, and several sides on the continent have also expressed an interest in a player Arsenal value at over  £30m. Lille, another Ligue 1 outfit, are understood to be monitoring Balogun's situation while the future of star striker Jonathan David remains unclear, while RB Leipzig are also considering their options should a move for Lens' Lois Openda not progress as hoped.