Manchester United are working to find clubs to take defender Marcos Rojo and goalkeeper Sergio Romero on loan for the remainder of the season. United were keen to trim their wage budget last summer and both players were tipped for exits, but the Red Devils failed to find any buyers prepared to meet their asking prices. Neither player has made a matchday squad this season, and The Athletic note that talks are already underway about deals to take the pair away from Old Trafford in January. Permanent moves have not been ruled out, but it is understood that loans are the most likely outcome for both. Rojo has attracted interest from across Europe, but the Argentine has made it clear that he would favour a loan to another Premier League side, with both Newcastle United and Sheffield United keen on Rojo. His last United appearance came as a late substitute in a 3-1 win over Brighton and Hove Albion back in November 2019, and he has only played 90 minutes of senior action since then as a loan to Argentinian side Estudiantes was hampered by injury and the COVID-19 outbreak. Rojo has been put on a special training regime to preserve his fitness, and it is believed that the 30-year-old is currently ready to play, and United hope he will be able to prove himself while out on loan for the remainder of the season. His contract ends in the summer, but United have the option to extend it by a further year. As of now, it is unknown whether they intend to trigger that option, but their final decision will likely come down to whether United feel as though Rojo has bumped up his price tag by the end of the season. Goalkeeper Romero is in a similar situation. He has been out on the fringes ever since Dean Henderson returned to Old Trafford during the summer, and after being priced out of a move away back then, he now appears close to a temporary exit. An unnamed Spanish side are already in talks about taking Romero on loan for the remainder of the season, while there is also some interest from Major League Soccer side Inter Miami.