Zlatan Ibrahimovic has revealed he hopes to extend his contract with Milan as he is excited by the project the club are embarking on. The 39-year-old has played a starring role in I Rossoneri's surprisingly solid campaign, with Stefano Pioli's side well placed to secure a spot in next season's Champions League after seven years away from Europe's premier competition. The Swedish forward has notched 15 goals in as many Serie A games this campaign, and continues to defy the odds with little more than six months to go until he turns 40. Despite being in the twilight of his career, Ibrahimovic has confirmed he hopes to renew his deal with Milan and that he's enjoying second spell with the club.    I   m feeling really well at AC Milan and I   m positive about renewing my contract," he told reporters, quoted by The Sun. "This is the atmosphere we   ve created and that   s why we are successful. I want to continue at Milan. The project is exciting." Ibrahimovic recently announced he'd decided to come out of international retirement having originally called time on his Sweden career following their exit from Euro 2016. The return of the God @svenskfotboll pic.twitter.com/hQThIdWRY0 If he can stay fit for the remainder of the season he now seems likely to represent his country at the upcoming European Championships. With the 2022 World Cup less than two years away, Ibrahimovic was asked if he believed there was a possibility he could grace international football's grandest stage one last time. Playful in his response, he suggested he could, saying:    I can dream, I can wish. It will depend on how I feel. "My job is to prove that my age on the plane is not 41 years old. But it   s about the physical state. The head is sometimes faster than the legs can handle. But right now it   s just about feeling good and playing.    Every time I go out on the pitch I   m like a child touching the ball for the first time. It wasn   t like that before the injury, it came later. If it   s the head that decides, I never stop. I   m not the same player as before, but I keep playing.    Ibrahimovic went on to add he has no plans to call time on his playing career in the near future, and that he's relishing the chance to linkup with his Sweden teammates after five years out of the international picture.    I play as long as I can," he added. "I want to continue doing what I love, football is my passion.