90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool are rumoured to be in talks with Paris Saint-Germain over a possible loan deal for Kylian Mbappe, who has rejected a  £259m transfer to Al Hilal. (Mirror) Real Madrid won't pay more than    230m ( £198m) for Mbappe, who is due to become a free agent next summer. (Marca) Chelsea have been linked with an ambitious  £112m deal for Real Madrid's Federico Valverde, who has also been linked with Liverpool this summer. (Nacional) Chelsea are making a habit of 'disrupting deals' for other clubs, including Arsenal interest in Ajax forward Mohammed Kudus. (Ben Jacobs) An offer has gone in from Manchester United for Morocco midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, with a wait now to see if Fiorentina accept the bid. (Alfredo Pedulla) Bayern Munich remain confident of still being able to sign Harry Kane this summer. (Sky Sports) Bayern are tipped to bid  £75m for Kane following an upcoming meeting between the clubs. (Mail) Barcelona may have to terminate the contract of Sergino Dest, whose disappointing loan at AC Milan hasn't brought forward suitors willing to buy him. (Javi Miguel) manual The arrival of Josko Gvardiol from RB Leipzig will be the trigger for Manchester City to let Aymeric Laporte complete his move away from the club. (Manchester Evening News) Liverpool talks with Southampton over midfielder Romeo Lavia are continuing, with a  £38m offer from Anfield so far rejected. (Liverpool Echo) Manchester United may no longer sell Scott McTominay following the injury suffered by promising youngster Kobbie Mainoo during pre-season. (Telegraph) Paris Saint-Germain have rejected an Al-Nassr approach for Marquinhos. (RMC) West Ham have agreed a deal with Roma to allow Gianluca Scamacca join the Serie A club on loan with a  £19m option to buy. (Calciomercato) Aston Villa have not yet offered Barcelona winger Ferran Torres a financial package that meets his expectations. (SPORT) Sheffield United have put a  £30m asking price on forward Iliman Ndiaye. (Sun) Reserve team goalkeeper Nathan Bishop is on course to leave Manchester United in a permanent transfer, three years after joining and without a first-team appearance. (Star)