Tomas Soucek's long-term future at West Ham is in doubt after talks over a new contract were put on hold at the behest of David Moyes, 90min understands. The 27-year-old has clocked up close to 4,000 minutes in 45 appearances for the Hammers in all competitions this season and has played a key role in holding West Ham's midfield together with Declan Rice. Discussions over a new contract first surfaced in January, with 90min revealing that the club were prepared to offer Soucek an improved deal to reward his fine performances over the past two years. However, 90min subsequently learned at the beginning of April that those talks had been shelved, with the intention of returning to the negotiating table at the end of the season. But it appears that Soucek's long-term future at the London Stadium - he has two years left on the contract he signed when joining from Slavia Prague in the summer of 2020 - may not be as secure as first thought. Sources close to the situation have told 90min that one reason talks were paused was because Moyes informed the club's hierarchy of his belief that Soucek did not warrant receiving a new contract at the moment - despite his healthy involvement in both the Premier League and Europa League. That stance is understood to have left Soucek feeling somewhat undermined - despite him appearing to be a key member of the side - and is likely to complicate matters should the club resume talks with a player who is incredibly popular in the dressing room. Indeed, sources have told 90min that some are surprised at the reluctance to reward Soucek with extended and improved terms. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders & Graeme Bailey. Toby Cudworth joins the show this week to discuss contract situations at West Ham, while there are updates on Man City's pursuit of Erling Haaland and Chelsea's plans for Romelu Lukaku. 90min also understands that Soucek is attracting interest from elsewhere, with at least two Premier League clubs among those considering a move - though it's still possible that he extends his contract at West Ham providing any offer put forward to him accurately reflects his standing. Soucek's goal output has reduced on his impressive first full season at West Ham, but there's no denying that he remains an integral member of the squad. 