Norwich have secured the signing of Werder Bremen winger Milot Rashica, with the Kosovo international penning a four-year deal at the club. The Canaries have been in the market for attacking reinforcements since star man Emiliano Buendia departed for Aston Villa earlier this summer. ? We are delighted to confirm the signing of winger Milot Rashica from Werder Bremen! ?? #WelcomeRashica ?? Rashica made a name for himself in the Bundesliga, having moved to Germany from Vitesse Arnhem in 2018. The 24-year-old bagged 27 goals in 100 appearances across all competitions for Werder Bremen and he's now secured a move to the Premier League for an undisclosed fee. Norwich took to their official website to confirm the news, with Rashica providing a brief statement expressing his delight at moving to the club.    I   m really excited to play in front of the Norwich fans and in the Premier League," he said. "I will of course give my best to this football club in every game and hope to excite the fans with many goals and assists. I can   t wait to get started.    I know a few things about the club, particularly the style of play under Daniel Farke. I want to continue to learn and develop as a player and person and I think that the style of play here will suit me very well.    I have spoken with the boss and I know what he wants to see from me. Those conversations with him recently have been a big help and I am very excited. I   ve watched many Norwich City games in the Premier League. It has always been a dream, for me to play in the Premier League and I   m so happy that Norwich have given me this great opportunity." Daniel Farke took the opportunity to welcome Rashica to the club, claiming the Kosovo international's experience and versatility could be a huge asset for Norwich moving forward.    With Milot we have a very interesting player and we   re delighted to have been able to bring him to Norwich City," he said.    Many top clubs have been interested in his signature over the last seasons and he was quite often connected with a big money move.    In Germany he spent his time with Werder Bremen, who were struggling a bit last season, but Milot is a player full of potential. He   s quick and smart in his movements, technically good and great in finishing and assisting goals. He has delivered many end products and although he is young, he has played many games at the top level.