Tottenham striker Harry Kane has insisted he will not think about his future at club level until after this summer's European Championship, where he hopes to lead England to glory. The narrative of Kane needing to leave Spurs to compete for trophies has been out in full force recently. The likes of Manchester City and Manchester United are often named as potential suitors for the 27-year-old, while Real Madrid have recently been credited with an interest in Kane. It was recently revealed that Kane is open to a move away from Spurs to chase the first trophy of his career, although the England captain told The Telegraph that his focus remains solely on guiding the Three Lions to glory at the Euros.    I think that   s a hard question to answer right now,    Kane said when asked if a move away would be the best way to win a trophy.    It   s important that all my focus is on the two England games coming up now and the rest of the season with Spurs and then the Euros. To be thinking about speculation or rumours would be damaging in terms of my own performance    I always like to be focused on one goal and one job and that   s to finish strong with Spurs, win these qualifiers with England and hopefully go on and have a great Euros.  "Look, I try to stay out of that speculation as much as possible. I   m fully focused on doing the job on the pitch from now until the end of the summer and then we   ll see where we go from there.    Despite all the negativity surrounding Spurs this season - they crashed out of the Europa League against Dinamo Zagreb and are trailing behind in the race for the top four - Kane insisted that there are still plenty of positives to take.    I think it   s been a difficult spell at Spurs but, look, we went into the Arsenal game winning five games in a row,    Kane said.    Obviously the Arsenal game [a 2-1 defeat] was a difficult one to take and then, of course, the Europa League where we went out was a big disappointment. Great to get into @England camp and looking forward to getting our World Cup qualifying campaign under way ??? pic.twitter.com/jehgu9n7rz    But we bounced back last Sunday [against Aston Villa] with a win and I think, when you look at the bigger picture, we   re a couple of points off the top four places and we   ve got a cup final to play so if we   re looking at it in the end of May and we   ve finished in the top four and won the Carabao Cup I think everyone will say it   s been a pretty good season.