Brighton & Hove Albion have confirmed the signing of James Milner on a free transfer from Liverpool. The 37-year-old has decided to call time on his eight-year spell at Anfield and heads south to join the Seagulls. 90min confirmed at the beginning of May that Brighton were looking to bring in Milner once his contract on Merseyside expired and a deal has now been announced.  In a statement, Brighton said: "We are pleased to confirm that James Milner will join the club on a one-year deal with a year   s option when his Liverpool contract expires on 30 June." Brighton head coach Roberto De Zerbi added: "I'm very glad to welcome James to Brighton. He's an excellent addition for us and I'm sure he will help to bring us to an even higher level." feed In a parting statement, Liverpool said: "James Milner is set to join Brighton & Hove Albion after his eight-year spell at Liverpool concludes at the end of June. "The Englishman signed for the Reds in the summer of 2015 and swiftly became an integral member of the squad on and off the pitch, fulfilling the role of vice-captain with distinction. "While primarily a midfielder, Milner also played at full-back on occasions during his unforgettable time at Anfield and made a total of 332 appearances for the club, helping J  rgen Klopp's men lift seven trophies - including the Premier League and Champions League. "Wearing the iconic No.7 jersey, his 26 Liverpool goals included many high-pressure and vital penalties and he also provided 45 assists for his teammates. "In addition to the aforementioned league title and European Cup triumphs, Milner helped the Reds add the UEFA Super Cup, FIFA Club World Cup, Carabao Cup, Emirates FA Cup and FA Community Shield to the trophy cabinet. "Brighton have now confirmed Milner will be joining them ahead of the 2023-24 campaign to begin the next chapter of his remarkable career, which has included more than 600 top-flight games. "Everyone at Liverpool FC thanks James for all his contributions over the past eight years and wishes him well for the future."