Cristiano Ronaldo's representatives are exploring the player's options to leave Juventus this summer, and have reached out to Manchester United, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain to see whether any would be interested in taking him on. New Juve manager Massimiliano Allegri is keen to restructure his squad and has made it clear that he does not see Ronaldo as part of the future at the Allianz Stadium, with the Portugal international happy to move on as well. Selling Ronaldo is not as easy as you might think, as his enormous wages and Juve's asking price will rule out most teams on the planet. So ESPN say his agents are taking matters into their own hands and reaching out to clubs to find out whether they could offer the 36-year-old a home. Calls have been placed to United, Real and PSG to let them know he would be available for the right price this summer, with Ronaldo's representatives keen to work out the likelihood of a deal being done. Their call to PSG was met with real positivity and the French side have already started discussing a move for Ronaldo which could see Mauro Icardi move in the opposite direction - a deal which Allegri is very interested in getting done. The responses from United and Real are unclear. Ronaldo has not yet made a final decision on his future. While he is open to a move away from Juventus, he would not be against staying either and is expected to base his final choice on whether he can find a better home elsewhere. Things are expected to drag on until after the European Championships, after which further talks between Ronaldo and Allegri have already been planned. All three of United, Real and PSG are open to signing a new striker, and while Juve's rumoured asking price of  £25m isn't a problem for any of them, it's the player's astronomical wages which present the biggest stumbling block. For United, finding a new striker has not been ruled out even after Edinson Cavani penned a contract extension, but the Red Devils also plan on adding big names in a handful of different positions and do not have that kind of wiggle room in their wage budget without selling some players first.