Exclusive - Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has made it clear to his representatives that he would be willing to move abroad this summer as he seeks a new challenge to match his ambitions, with French giant Paris Saint-Germain now one of his favoured destinations. Kane has grown frustrated with Spurs    inability to seriously challenge for major trophies and informed the club of his desire to leave in the final week of the 2020/21 Premier League season. Already asking for a transfer, 90min has learned from sources close to Kane that he has been left unimpressed by the way Spurs have handled their search for a new manager, which has now seen a number of potential appointments     including Antonio Conte and Paulo Fonseca     fall though. Kane is not short of suitors in England, with both Manchester City and Chelsea in the market for a striker and are keen to do a deal for a player with 166 Premier League goals to his name. Spurs have been adamant that the three-time Golden Boot winner will not be allowed to leave, even for  £150m. But while chairman Daniel Levy is not close to sanctioning a sale, he would much rather see Kane go abroad if it comes to it, rather than let him join another Premier League team. Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus have all been linked with Kane, but 90min understands that PSG are becoming the most interested party from overseas. Ironically, a move to Paris would also keep Kane as close to his family home in London than if he relocated north to Manchester thanks to fast Eurostar connections linking the two capital cities. Going to PSG would also importantly mean a reunion between Kane and ex-Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino. The pair became very close during the latter   s five years in charge in north London and both camps would love for the move to happen. Kane is emerging as a genuine option for PSG, especially as there still remains a danger they could lose Kylian Mbappe this summer if opts not to sign a new contract after Euro 2020, with Pochettino even giving a glowing reference of Kane to the club hierarchy.