Manchester United remain open to the idea of bringing in more players this month, but their plans have been hampered by their failure to move on a number of squad players. Tom Heaton, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane have each been signed by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this summer, giving the current squad a much stronger feel going into the new Premier League season. United had also anticipated a number of sales this summer, but have encountered problems offloading a number of squad players to date. Lack of money in the market and the high wages United fringe players earn has meant players have been difficult to shift. Jesse Lingard - who enjoyed an excellent spell on loan at West Ham in the second half of last season - has been subject of interest from the likes of Atletico Madrid, Lyon, Leicester, Everton and the Hammers themselves this summer. A firm, permanent offer has not yet been received, however. Phil Jones, Nemanja Matic, Anthony Martial, Alex Telles, Diogo Dalot, Eric Bailly, Andreas Pereira, Victor Lindelof and Donny van de Beek were other players the club were willing to let go for the right offer, but permanent buyers have been a struggle to find. Pereira is now close to a season-long loan move to Brazilian side Flamengo. Indeed, the transfer market is flooded mainly with loans this summer due to clubs still recovering from the impact of the pandemic. United may see other loan departures before the window closes on August 31, but that will only take a percentage of wages and bring in little transfer income. Solskjaer began the summer insistent on bringing in Sancho and at least one new central defender to partner captain Harry Maguire, which they did in the shape of Varane, but the manager also wants another full back - ideally one that can play on both sides - while a new holding midfielder is also ideally wanted. Although unlikely as it stands, new signings can not yet be ruled out before the window closes. Kieran Trippier was quickly identified as the full back of choice, having proved during the European Championships he can fit in on the right or left, and the former Tottenham defender made it clear to Atletico Madrid earlier this summer that he would love the chance to move to Old Trafford. United had been led to believe by Trippier   s camp that Atletico were open to the idea of a sale, and that this would cost no more than  £30m for the 30-year-old. They did however not anticipate them sticking to his release clause, which sits just north of  £50m. 90min understands United remain open to the idea of a full back coming in, and they would like that to be Trippier, but the deal is unlikely as it stands. Ruben Neves is of interest in the midfield area, but United had hoped sales would cover his price, which is under  £40m. Wolves are open to the idea of selling for the right offer.