Manchester United are rumoured to have made an approach to Bayern Munich midfielder Leon Goretzka that could see the Germany international move to Old Trafford as a free agent next summer, potentially even as a replacement for Paul Pogba. Having initially moved to Munich as a free agent in 2018 after running down his contract with Schalke, Goretzka is out of contract with Bayern at the end of the coming season and could again be on the move without a transfer fee if he doesn   t sign a new deal. United are currently in a similar position with Pogba, whose contract is up next June. Discussions over a new contract have begun with the Frenchman   s agent, Mino Raiola, but Real Madrid, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are all interested and Pogba is believed to be biding his time to give himself as many options as possible as he considers the next stage of his career. United officials are split over whether to offer a new contract to Pogba. Some are concerned about losing a valuable asset without a transfer fee next summer, although others wonder whether a contract worth in the region of  £400,000 per week is worth the investment. If there are fears about not getting a transfer fee if Pogba does leave, United could entertain selling this summer. Real Madrid and Juventus may not have the resources to make a bid, but PSG are tipped to make a    50m ( £43m) approach this year. United will need to replace Pogba at some point and if he does go as a free agent it would make financial sense that the player who comes in is also a free agent. Man Utd have submitted a contract offer to Leon Goretzka for the end of the season, according to Sport Bild. His current Bayern Munich contract expires in 2022 and he has history, running down his Schalke contract to join Bayern. #MUFC #FCBayern It is Sport Bild in Germany that has reported United   s apparent interest in Goretzka, with claims of a    concrete    offer to make the switch to Manchester next summer. The proposed deal is said to be worth  £200,000 per week, which is half of what United might have to pay Pogba to get him to stay.