Juventus centre-back Matthijs de Ligt is reported to be unhappy in Turin and has made it clear to Barcelona that he would be interested in joining the Spanish side, two years after initially rejecting them. De Ligt was one of the hottest prospects in Europe back in 2019, with Barcelona desperate to bring him to Camp Nou alongside Ajax teammate Frenkie de Jong, but the centre-back eventually snubbed their advances and sealed a  £67.5m move to Juventus instead. Since then, however, things haven't gone exactly according to plan for De Ligt, who has struggled with injuries and hasn't always been the undisputed starter you'd expect a player of that value to be, and Catalunya Radio claim De Ligt isn't really happy in Turin anymore. The 21-year-old is said to have been speaking to those around him about how much of a mistake he made snubbing Barcelona for Juventus in 2019, and those doubts have made their way to Camp Nou, where club chiefs have been given the impression that De Ligt wants a move to Spain. De Ligt has even been speaking with De Jong about the possibility of joining him at Barcelona, with the midfielder insisting that the door remains open to his former teammate. That's all well and good, but don't start thinking this move would be easy. Juve spent the best part of  £70m on De Ligt just two years ago and he still has another three years on his contract, so it's not like he's going to be shipped off for cheap. Barcelona know that they cannot pay that kind of money, but club officials are prepared to try find a compromise and hope to take advantage of their positive relationship with Juventus to work out a potential player-swap deal. The two sides exchanged Arthur Melo and Miralem Pjanic last summer - a deal which hasn't really worked out for either team just yet - but there is hope that a similar agreement could be found over De Ligt. The issue is that Barcelona may not have the assets needed to get a deal done. The club hope to sell Samuel Umtiti but he's obviously not worth anywhere near the same amount as De Ligt, but whether Barcelona would be prepared to stretch to an expensive forward like Antoine Griezmann or Philippe Coutinho is unclear.