Manchester United are close to making Rasmus Hojlund their third signing of the summer transfer window after a breakthrough in talks with Atalanta over the transfer fee. Hojlund only joined Atalanta last summer, but the 20-year-old has shown enough long-term potential with his 10 goals in 34 appearances - all the while sharing minutes with more senior players - to convince United to part with a guaranteed  £64m (   75m). Another  £8.5m (   10m) is in add-ons. Atalanta had earlier rejected three offers from United, the most recent reaching  £50m. But personal terms over a proposed five-year contract had already been agreed with Hojlund and a move to Old Trafford has long been the player's desired outcome this summer. Hojlund was not involved as Atalanta faced Bournemouth in a pre-season friendly on Saturday, while the Bergamo side have already secured his replacement in the shape of El Bilal Toure from Almeria. Erik ten Hag is known for his ability to develop and nurture young talent from his years at Ajax and United have been crying out for a new central striker ever since Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo left the club within a few months of each other. Hojlund, although raw, comes in at potentially just half the price of a more established goalscorer like Harry Kane or Victor Osimhen. As long as there are no unexpected hitches, Hojlund will soon join Mason Mount and Andre Onana in making the switch to Manchester United this summer. feed Hojlund has no real fixed attachment to a particular shirt number, largely because his fledgling career has already seen him move around quite a bit. The youngster initially broke into the first-team at FC Copenhagen in 2020 wearing 45, which is often associated with strikers because 4+5+9. He then traded that for 28 the following season. Hojlund's time at Sturm Graz in Austria saw him wear 9, while he took 17 upon joining Atalanta. He had previously worn both 9 and 17 in the Copenhagen youth ranks. For Denmark, Hojlund has started to establish himself as number 11. He has also worn 20 and 21 for the national team since making his senior debut last year. Available Manchester United shirt numbers at first-team level are relatively few and far between as things stand. Other than 1 and 4, which aren't really striker-appropriate, the only jerseys under under 30 currently available are 13 and 15. But several others could become available before the Premier League deadline locks squad numbers in, depending on how transfer business goes. 90min reported last week that United are making progress in talks with regard to selling Fred to Galatasaray. If he leaves, that frees up 17. Unable to stay consistently fit, Anthony Martial's future has remained up in the air, while the club is also yet to make a decision about Mason Greenwood. Should either or both leave, 9 and 11 could become available for Hojlund. But it would have to be sooner rather than later.