After several torturous weeks of stalemate in a move for Jadon Sancho, Manchester United have finally made progress. No, they haven't signed the Borussia Dortmund superstar - but they are about to make a signing, and a potentially very good one, too. Transfer guru Fabrizio Romano broke the news that United have agreed a  £40m fee to bring Ajax midfielder Donny van de Beek to Old Trafford on a five-year deal. If the rumour mill is to be believed, the Red Devils have fought off interest from Barcelona and Real Madrid to secure his signing, the latter of whom were close to signing Van de Beek prior to the coronavirus pandemic. Van de Beek to Man United, here we go! Man Utd tonight as expected have sent their official bid and Ajax just accepted without any negotiation. Agreement reached for    40m + add ons. Paperworks and medicals on next week. ? #MUFC ? More details: https://t.co/NnU6Sy9R76 While at this point any new face walking through the door at Old Trafford would've felt like good news to United fans, the signing of Van de Beek is a smart piece of business. The Dutchman, just 23, is an immediate improvement on the likes of Jesse Lingard and Andreas Pereira, and gives United that quality in depth and competition for places they've been crying out for - AND at a fraction of the price that other targets would've cost. It was widely believed that United would pursue Jack Grealish this summer, but with Aston Villa managing to stay in the Premier League, the club have put an  £80m price tag on their captain. Grealish is by no means a bad player and is proven in the Premier League, but he isn't worth anywhere near the astronomical fee that Villa are demanding for his services. Instead of maintaining the status quo of recent times and coughing up the heavily inflated premium that arises when United go after a high-profile player, it seems the club have held out and moved on. The patience to let go of one target, look further afield and then strike a deal for a much more affordable fee with Ajax is a huge step in the right direction for the Red Devils. Van de Beek will arrive to Old Trafford with three trophies to his name, having won the 2018/19 Eredivisie, Dutch Cup and Johan Cruyff Shield with Ajax. Before the Dutch season was cancelled, he had 10 goals and 11 assists in all competitions, which is an impressive goal contribution from a midfield role. At United, Van de Beek will likely battle with Bruno Fernandes for the number 10 spot in their preferred 4-2-3-1 formation, but his versatility and other key traits make him a valuable asset from a number of positions.  The Netherlands international is confident carrying the ball under pressure and creates swift passing combinations that lead to efforts on goal, hence his prolific goal contribution stats. He's at his best in a more advanced role where he can move off the ball into dangerous positions or create some space to allow his teammates to attack. If Fernandes occupies the central role, then Van de Beek could pick up a wide role either side of him and still be just as effective. The 23-year-old can also play deeper in midfield and still prove to be an effective tool. Signing Van de Beek gives United the chance to deploy a technically sound midfield trio of himself, Fernandes and Paul Pogba. All three would be able to swap and interchange with positions, and the opportunities for playmaking and chance creating would be endless. The issue, however, is a distinct lack of defensive discipline, which can only be solved with further smart moves in the transfer market, Man Utd have agreed a  £40m fee with Ajax for midfielder Donny Van de Beek ?Solskjaer's first new signing of the window ??      ???????Check out some of his recent Champions League highlights... pic.twitter.com/f6QMqC1Yd0 Despite a Nemanja Matic renaissance in 2020, his legs are going and he doesn't have enough in the tank to maintain his quality over what could be a 50 game season. Fred is a solid back-up option and Scott McTominay isn't a natural defensive midfielder, meaning Matic is the only one who can really step up to the task.  Failure to address this issue would seriously affect United's progress and dampen the mood around such a coup in Van de Beek, as many of last season's problems would still exist. 