Tottenham Hotspur manager Jose Mourinho has been linked with a crazy reunion with Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini, who is expected to leave Chinese side Shandong Luneng this summer. Fellaini almost single-handedly kept Mourinho's Manchester United career going as long as it did, offering us iconic memories like '90th-minute long-ball bonanza', 'unnecessary elbow' and 'studs up for literally no reason'. Mourinho was given his marching orders from United in December 2018, and two months after, Fellaini was pushed through the exit door as well. The pair haven't worked together since, but with his Spurs side floundering, Voetbal 24 claim Mourinho has thrown up the Bat-Signal to try bring his former general back to England. Now 33, Fellaini's contract in China runs until December 2021, and although Shandong have the option to extend that by a further year, they are expected to snub that opportunity and instead send Fellaini back to England. Sources close to the situation are said to have confirmed that Mourinho is demanding a squad overhaul at Spurs this summer, and in the most Mourinho move possible, his rebuild involves signing a 33-year-old. Fellaini is keen to make the move, having accepted that his Chinese adventure has come to an end, and he is hopeful that a return to a more high-profile league will boost his chances of playing for the Belgium national team again for the first time since October 2018. Over in China, Fellaini has been a goalscoring force in midfield. In his 57 appearances for Shandong, he has bagged 20 goals and five assists. For comparison, he managed 22 goals in 177 games for United. While it's clear to see why Mourinho would like to team up with Fellaini once more, it's hard to see just how the frizzy haired giant would fit into the Spurs midfield. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg has impressed as the anchor man, while Tanguy Ndombele and Moussa Sissoko have both enjoyed plenty of minutes. There's also the small matter of Giovani Lo Celso, who is a regular when healthy, to factor in as well.