Napoli  are desperately trying to convince Kim Min-jae to sign a new contract before a release clause in his current deal kicks in for the first two weeks in July, 90min understands. Sources close to the Italian champions have confirmed to 90min that there is a clause that exists in Kim   s deal that could see him leave in a specific window if a club meets a required fee. Manchester United have held talks over a possible deal, while other Premier League clubs hold interest. A fee to extract Kim from Napoli in early July will range between    40m and    60m, though the final figure is understood to be fluid and related to the buying club's turnover. Regardless of a final fee, it would still be far below the player's real market value - which has rocketed to around    100m. Napoli were essentially forced to include the exit clause in the deal to sign Kim last summer, and it was used as a tool to convince the South Korean to choose to move to Naples ahead of Ligue 1 club Rennes. He joined from Fenerbahce in July for just over    18m. feed The club have been trying to finalise a new deal with Kim since before the World Cup finals last year, but his agents have kept Napoli at an arm   s length throughout this year. The player re-signing at Napoli can't be ruled out at this stage, but Kim's camp are aware of mounting interest in his services and are exploring their options. 90min can confirm that Manchester United have held talks about a possible deal and they are well positioned to make a move for Kim - who has never hidden his desire to one day play in the Premier League. Sources also confirm that United are not the only club courting Kim, and not the only one in England. Liverpool and Newcastle are both confirmed admirers of Kim, and both are in the market for central defenders this off season, whilst it is believed Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City are also "aware" of the situation and could yet become involved. Paris Saint-Germain are also in the mix, even with the summer arrival of Milan Skriniar, while Real Madrid and Barcelona are being kept informed of the situation too. Kim himself is set for military service in June, but come July he will make a decision on where he wants to play next season. It is looking increasingly likely it will be away from Naples.