Exclusive - Chelsea have been in contact with Borussia Dortmund over possible deals for home-grown attackers Tammy Abraham and Callum Hudson-Odoi, both of whom have become surplus to requirements and have been informed they can leave Stamford Bridge this summer. Neither Abraham or Hudson-Odoi have lived up to expectations this season and it is telling that neither were in the running to be named in the England squad for Euro 2020. The former started 12 Premier League games this season, while the latter started just 10. Hudson-Odoi was the subject of multiple bids from Bayern Munich in 2019 when he had only a handful of first-team appearances under his belt. Chelsea eventually managed to fend off that interest and convince the winger to sign a huge new contract worth  £150,000 per week. But having recovered from an Achilles injury that had cut short his breakthrough season, Hudson-Odoi has failed to kick on under successive managers in Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel, with the lack of progress he has made leaving Chelsea mystified. 90min understands that Chelsea have not been pleased by the 20-year-old   s attitude and are ready to move him on, although it may be that a long-term loan is a necessary way to do it because of the likely financial requirements of any deal as a result of his wages. Abraham has similarly not impressed the Chelsea hierarchy after he asked for a new contract on similar terms to Hudson-Odoi. There is interest in the striker from West Ham, Southampton, Crystal Palace and Brighton, but none could match the wages he has requested at Chelsea. Dortmund would also be unable to meet such salary demands, but the Bundesliga club has still emerged as a potential destination that could help relaunch both players    stalling careers. Dortmund has proven itself a popular destination for young English talent in recent years, having tempted Jadon Sancho and Jude Bellingham to move to Germany, where both are thriving. Hudson-Odoi could even prove to be a replacement for Sancho, who is wanted by Manchester United and is also of interest to Chelsea themselves. 90min understands that both Hudson-Odoi and Abraham would be open to moving abroad, with Dortmund an option they are happy to explore.