Newcastle United hold an interest in Ousmane Dembele after intermediaries  met with the player   s camp during his recent trip to England, sources have told 90min. The Barcelona winger, who has just over a year remaining on his current contract, was a surprise attendee at Sunderland's Championship with clash with Sheffield United in March, when he visited friend Kyril Louis-Dreyfus, the former's chairman. Dembele is one of Barcelona's highest profile players, owing to his mega-money move to Camp Nou in 2017, but his career at the club has been dogged by numerous injury lay-offs. Indeed, the Frenchman has played just 120 La Liga games for Barca in close to six full seasons and has been sidelined with a hamstring issue since late January. Dembele's visit to the North East is understood to have only been short, but 90min understands that brief contact was made between the player's representatives and intermediaries representing Newcastle. The PIF-owned Magpies have adopted a relatively cautious approach to their transfer business to date - despite spending heavily on striker Alexander Isak - but qualification for next season's Champions League could accelerate their plans to land a number of elite signings this summer. The 25-year-old would certainly fit that bill and is attracted by the prospect of playing in the Premier League - he came close to joining Chelsea last summer before renewing his contract at Barcelona. feed In order to do so, Dembele took a wage cut in Catalonia - helping the club reduce their spiralling costs - but it's understood that any interest in an extension could be dependant on being offered a wage rise. As it stands, that's unlikely to be on the table from Barcelona, who have plans to re-sign Lionel Messi from Paris Saint-Germain as well as Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan and potentially Bernardo Silva. With Messi's fairytale return edging ever closer, Barcelona sources have confirmed to 90min that Dembele could be one of those who makes way, even though the club's hierarchy and manager Xavi think highly of him. The player himself would consider leaving if a suitable offer from Barcelona was not forthcoming, and is acutely aware that he has plenty of options around Europe, particularly in England. As well as Newcastle, Chelsea remain keen, while Arsenal and Manchester City have eyes on his situation.  Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain are also waiting in the wings in case a deal is there to be done.