Real Madrid have cooled their pursuit of Kai Havertz amid concerns over Chelsea's asking price, 90min understands. The Spanish side have spoken with Havertz's representatives and have made it clear that they would be interested in a summer deal, with manager Carlo Ancelotti seeing the 23-year-old as the kind of versatile forward that could replace the departing duo of Eden Hazard and Marco Asensio. Chelsea are keen to keep Havertz this summer but 90min understands they would sell for the right price, such is their need to raise money after 12 months of immense spending failed to result in Champions League football. The Blues are believed to be keen to recoup the money they spent to sign Havertz in 2020, in excess of  £70m, and sources have confirmed that Real Madrid have backed away from the negotiating table as things stand. Real Madrid officials do not share the same value of Havertz, who has two years remaining on his contract, and are not currently prepared to pursue a deal at that price. feed Despite the breakdown in negotiations, Havertz still has a real chance of leaving Chelsea this summer. Bayern Munich, led by former Blues boss Thomas Tuchel, are long-term admirers of the German and see him as a possible replacement for the ageing Thomas Muller. Paris Saint-Germain have also been alerted to Havertz's potential availability as they look to replace Lionel Messi. Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino has made it clear that Havertz still has a place in his team but, with Christopher Nkunku arriving this summer and plans in place to sign a new central striker, the Argentine is ready to sanction his departure. Real Madrid chased Havertz's signature back in 2020 before he ultimately opted for Chelsea and the German forward still has plenty of fans at the Santiago Bernabeu. Indeed, they may go back in for Havertz depending on how their pursuit of Tottenham striker Harry Kane works out - he has just one-year left on his contract and has been identified as Karim Benzema's potential successor.