Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has faced fresh questions on the club's hopes of signing a striker in the summer transfer window. The Red Devils are looking to bring in a new forward to ease the scoring load on Marcus Rashford, who provided a career-high 30 goals in all competitions last season. Bruno Fernandes, who was recently promoted to club captain, was the only other player to reach double figures. 90min understands that United have agreed personal terms with Denmark striker Rasmus Hojlund and are continuing discussions with Atalanta over a fee. The Serie A side want  £60m, but United are reluctant to go much higher than  £50m. Speaking at a press conference ahead of Saturday's pre-season friendly against Arsenal in the US, Ten Hag discussed United's striker search. "Across Man United, a lot of people, we do everything that's in our power to get the right man in," Ten Hag said. "Transfer market, you never know, but we know our targets and we do everything we can. We put every effort in to get this done because it's an area where we need improvement." feed Ten Hag was then specifally asked about any lingering interest in Tottenham striker Harry Kane, to which he replied: "I don't go into talk about specific players who are under contract at another club. "We proved also last season we can be very successful even though we didn't have too many strikers and we still proved we were successful. "So I expect more from the front players, to play at a higher level, they have to raise the bar. We expect more from the front players. Across the whole team we expect more goals. "We have to raise the bar but, by raising the bar, you cannot always express that in a clinical result. Of course, we want to win every game and we have shown last season we can beat all the teams in the world and now we have to do that consistently and that is absolutely one of our objectives; be more consistent. Then we will see what we have. "We want to play at a higher level, raise the bar, lift up the demands, then we will see what we are. The competition is very strong but we can beat any club in the world."