Remember when Ernesto Valverde was the problem at Barcelona?  We're fast approaching the one-year anniversary of the Blaugrana's decision to sack the unpopular coach, despite the Catalan side sitting joint top of the table when they pulled the trigger.  They would go on to lose the title race to Real Madrid, be forced to sell a bunch of players at a ludicrously cut price, and implode so dramatically that legend Lionel Messi decided he'd had enough.  If they weren't happy with the state of the club in January 2020, I dread to think what the board will make of the current mess heading into the New Year. Bar  a are lying well off the pace at the top of La Liga, and having won only seven of their 14 league matches, they are under no illusions that they must use the defibrillator on their flatlining season.  The first month of the year is an opportunity for reflection and contemplation however, and thanks to the winter window, it is also an opportunity for redemption.  But which chores must they tackle in January? 90min addresses the key moves the Catalans must make in the January transfer window.  Now, I'm not gonna be the guy who says Barcelona should get rid of Messi, because frankly, I'm not an idiot. He may not be at his peak, and his hold over games might be waning, but allowing the most influential player in their history to simply walk away would be a disaster. Messi has still got the love for Bar  a and deep, deep down, he'd be happy to see out his final years at Camp Nou - hopefully signing off with a final Champions League trophy. It's the board's job then, to convince him there is a project in place worth sticking around for, and dig deep to pay the world's greatest player what he deserves. Just get it done.  I know, I can't believe I'm having to write this either. Barcelona are in talks with Arsenal flop Shkodran Mustafi to shore up their leaky defence. In other news, they've also employed Bonnie and Clyde to look after the club's bank accounts. The Blaugrana do need another centre-back to come in and cover their current crippling injury crisis, while eventually providing some competition for their regular starters. But they absolutely, categorically, unquestionably, undisputedly DON'T need to sign Mustafi. Like, seriously, have their scouts been in a coma for the past four years? I give up, man.  As mentioned, Bar  a are desperate for defensive cover, and cover which is not as useless as an ashtray on a motorbike. They have long been linked with a move for Manchester City youngster Eric Garcia, and the player himself has seemingly given any potential deal the green light. Is he enough to solve all their problems, though? Absolutely not. The Spaniard has not proven himself as a ready-made starter for a top club, and he might need time to re-adapt to life in Catalonia. By all means then, go and get Garcia - but don't stop there. Buy another defender. Buy a Dayot Upamecano. Buy a Milan Skriniar or an Alessandro Bastoni. Don't buy a Shkodran Mustafi. It speaks volumes of Barcelona's current plight that last season's emergency signing Martin Braithwaite, who joined after the window closed due to an injury crisis, is still getting game time at the club. His signing was one of desperation, in a moment when it was impossible to sign anyone of genuine quality. Instead of addressing this issue in the summer, Bar  a weakened their front line further by selling Luis Suarez to Atletico Madrid. A proper marksman is needed to make the goals rain down on Camp Nou once again, then. Finding a regular goalscorer is one of the hardest things to do in football, and if their scouts are as clued up with their offensive targets as their defensive ones, Bar  a could end up with Euro 2016 hero Sam Vokes leading the line.  In 2018, Antoine Griezmann released 'The Decision', a video explaining his choice not to leave Atleti. In 2019, he was banned from creating 'The Decision 2', in which he wanted to announce his departure from the Spanish capital. It's time for Barcelona to make 'The Decision 3'. Griezmann has rarely fitted into this Blaugrana side, putting teammates' noses out of joint in every position across the front line. Now coach Ronald Koeman has seemingly found a 3-4-3 system which suits a select group of players - and the Frenchman is not one of them. The club can't afford to allow someone of Griezmann's stature and salary to rot away on the bench, and if they could use him as a bargaining chip in a potential deal with...oh, I don't know... Paris Saint-Germain (?), to try to re-sign...let's say, Neymar - well, it'd be good business all round, wouldn't it?