David de Gea has been nothing short of a legendary servant in one of Manchester United's darkest eras, single-handedly keeping their reputation alive and stopping the ship from sinking any further in the post-Fergie era. But since 2018, form has left De Gea and the subsequent rise of Dean Henderson is forcing United down a path of sticking with one or the other. 30 is no age for a keeper, but the Spaniard perhaps has nothing more to give at Old Trafford, while Henderson has it all to come. The keeper position is always a tricky one. Unlike an outfielder, you're either starting or you're not; there's no room for switching positions and accommodating. And with plenty of top clubs already happy with their number one, a move might not be the easiest to manufacture. With that in mind - should a summer transfer occur - here are the sides De Gea has been linked with, and how realistic a move is. A post shared by Inter Miami CF (@intermiamicf) Go on. You thought about it, didn't you?No chance. For all the jokes, De Gea is still far too good to be heading to the States for a swan-song. Besides, Phil Neville is too busy eyeing up Premier League greats of the 2000s for Inter Miami; Ben Foster and Paul Robinson are ahead of him on the shopping list. Likeliness: 0/10 Barcelona are entering a new era of presidency as Joan Laporta arrives for a second spell, and while there is work to be done in fixing the squad, pursuing De Gea probably isn't top of the priorities.Marc-Andre ter Stegen is fine, and there isn't a great deal separating the two for what it would cost to pull off the move. If this was 18 months ago when La Blaugrana were signing random players for the sake of it, then it might feel more realistic, but that ship might just have sailed.Likeliness: 2/10 Gianluigi Donnarumma stalling over a new contract is the last thing  Milan need when on the cusp of finally putting together a proper club revival.The 21-year-old is out of contract in summer, and it's time for the Rossoneri to consider options. De Gea would be an incredible addition to a squad that could do with a sprinkle of excellence to really finish the rebuild.The issue? He'd be far too expensive, especially with Zlatan Ibrahimovic still on the the books. It goes against how they've managed to rebuild, and would likely unsettle the wage structure.Likeliness: 3/10 Despite the Old Lady falling off tremendously after a decade of dominating in their domestic league, a move to Juventus is still an attractive prospect for any top player.They still have pulling power, but a move would hinge on how much further a deal would financially cripple them (looking at you, Cristiano Ronaldo).Likeliness: 4/10 Milan's city and title rivals Inter must also start thinking about a new number one.Samir Handanovic has been an incredible servant, but at 36, there likely isn't much left in the tank. A refreshed De Gea solves that for a good number of years, and gives them a boost to push on for better fortunes in Europe. They also like signing ex-United players, like a lot.Finances could be an issue, but winning the Scudetto this season might help their case.Likeliness: 4/10 The one that got away.Since that damned fax machine broke, Real had to move on and instead signed Thibaut Courtois, who has gone on to become the undisputed number one at the club.Knowing De Gea - a Spaniard with a history in Madrid - is available, however, will likely always turn their heads a little. And with the money they have, it simply cannot be ruled out.Likeliness: 5/10