Robert Lewandowski has concrete interest from a number of Premier League clubs ahead of the summer transfer window, 90min understands. Manchester United are among the teams to have been contacted by Lewandowski's representatives, as the Polish striker considers his future with under 18 months remaining on his contract with Bayern Munich. Lewandowski has stated recently that he is "open to anything" regarding his future plans, and it's believed the 33-year-old is aware of interest Bayern hold in Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Bayern are in the race to sign the Norwegian striker, who would make a logical successor to Lewandowski in Bavaria. Interest in Haaland is however widespread -  with Paris Saint Germain, Real Madrid, Barcelona, Chelsea and Manchester City among the clubs who have shown an interest in recent months. Lewandowski's representatives are now looking at options should he part ways with Bayern, and United would consider the idea of signing the player should he become available. United have asked to be kept informed about his situation. Earlier this year, interim boss Ralf Rangnick - who is set to move upstairs at the end of the season and have a bigger say on transfers - confirmed his admiration for the player after Lewandowski was named The Best FIFA Men's Player. "Robert has been one of the best, if not the best, central strikers in Germany. For sure, in Germany and also in Europe," Rangnick said. "He scored 41 or 42 goals last season in the German Bundesliga and an additional couple of goals in the Champions League and in the German Cup so he   s an amazing, outstanding player.    United's need for a striker is already apparent, and it could be a position they address before next season. They are set to lose Edinson Cavani at the end of the season on a free transfer, while Cristiano Ronaldo is also far from certain to remain with the club as they struggle for a place in the top four. Manchester City, Arsenal, Aston Villa and Newcastle United are also among the clubs who have been informed of Lewandowski's possible availability. 