Exclusive - The representatives of Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland have denied that the striker is making wild demands to clubs looking to sign him in 2021 - and is instead keeping all options open. The 20-year-old is wanted by most of Europe's elite, many of whom have scheduled meetings with agent Mino Raiola and Haaland's father, Alf-Inge, to discuss what they could offer the Norwegian if he joined in the summer. Meetings with Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid have already taken place, and it has been rumoured that Haaland has been dictating who he would want to play alongside at each club. There has been a lot of speculation suggesting Haaland has demanded a spot in the Real team alongside fellow Norwegian Martin Odegaard, who is surplus to requirements at the Santiago Bernabeu now. However, sources close to Haaland's camp have firmly dismissed such reports in conversations with 90min, and those same representatives have also laughed off claims in England that Haaland is chasing an eye-watering salary of  £600,000-a-week. While the true value of his demands was not revealed, sources insisted that Haaland is not interested in which club will pay him the most and is instead listening to each suitor's long-term project for him. Manchester City and Chelsea have also been working hard in the background, but the Norway international is keeping all his options open, with almost all of Europe's biggest clubs being well aware of what his current situation is. Things could change at any second and Haaland does not want to rule anything out at this early stage. Dortmund have made it abundantly clear that they do not want to lose Haaland this summer and are already planning for next season with the 20-year-old in their ranks. However, there have been reports suggesting Dortmund may be forced to cash in on Haaland if they fail to reach the Champions League next season. Edin Terzic's side currently sit fifth in the Bundesliga standings, with Saturday's crushing 2-1 loss to Frankfurt leaving them seven points behind the top four, and head of football Sebastian Kehl recently confessed that Dortmund may end up powerless to prevent Haaland leaving at some point. "Our position is clear: we are planning with Erling,    said Kehl (via Goal) said.    We are very relaxed about that. Of course, we have been following the situation. But we had a very, very good talk with Mino and his father just recently.