Paris Saint-Germain defender Thomas Meunier, a transfer target for Tottenham, is expected to join Thiago Silva and Edinson Cavani in leaving the club this summer when his contract expires. PSG sporting director Leonardo revealed over the weekend that Silva and Cavani, who joined the club in 2012 and 2013 respectively, will leave Parc des Princes. The Brazilian then added that Meunier, Layvin Kurzawa and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting will probably follow suit, stating that is 'indeed the idea' to allow their contracts to run out. It was in an interview with French publication Le Journal di Dimanche in which Leonardo confirmed the departures of Silva and Cavani and spoke of the likely exits of the three others. He is, however, sure that coach Thomas Tuchel will remain at the club, despite uncertainty over the German's long-term future. Meunier   s expected exit will open the door for Tottenham to sign the 28-year-old ahead of 2020/21. 90min revealed in April that Spurs are eyeing Meunier in the hunt for a new right-back, and he's been identified as a primary target for the role as manager Jose Mourinho remains unconvinced by Serge Aurier. There also remain doubts over Kyle Walker-Peters as a long-term solution. Spurs will make a    big push    to sign Meunier and it is hoped his friendship with international colleague Toby Alderweireld, who recommitted his future to the club in December, will help convince the player to choose them. Manchester United have also been keeping an eye on Meunier with a view to boosting depth at right-back and providing more competition for Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Meunier joined PSG in 2016 following his emergence at Club Brugge and played a starring role for Belgium at the European Championship that same summer. He has played 128 times for PSG in all competitions in the four years since, although he hasn   t always been a regular because of injury. The 2019/20 French season is already over because it was abandoned amid the coronavirus crisis, but Leonardo has expressed hope that the current squad might stay together until after the conclusion of the Champions League, which won   t resume until August.