Alexis Mac Allister is ready to leave Brighton & Hove Albion in the summer, 90min understands, with a whole host of Premier League sides interested in the Argentine. Mac Allister signed a new contract before his successful World Cup campaign to commit himself to Brighton until 2025, while the club also have the option to extend that deal by a further 12 months. The 24-year-old's profile rose significantly in Qatar, where he started six out of seven games en route to lifting the trophy, and sources have confirmed to 90min that Mac Allister is now ready to take the next step in his career. There is no shortage of interest in Mac Allister, who will have the option to stay in England or head over into mainland Europe if he does leave Brighton this year. In the Premier League, the Argentine's situation is being monitored by Liverpool, Newcastle, Tottenham and Chelsea, the latter of whom are managed by former Seagulls boss Graham Potter and could reunite Mac Allister with international teammate Enzo Fernandez. READ NEXT manual Mac Allister's father has previously confirmed the midfielder is enjoying life in England, but the likes of Atletico Madrid, Inter, Juventus and RB Leipzig are all keen to take the 24-year-old overseas. Brighton are braced for yet another transfer window full of intense interest in their top stars but 90min understands the Seagulls have no desire to part ways with their top talents as they seek to cement their place among the Premier League's top sides. Midfielder Moises Caicedo has already signed a new contract, although whether that deters suitors like Arsenal or Chelsea remains to be seen, while Brighton are also closing in on agreements to extend the deals of wingers Kaoru Mitoma and Solly March. Those in charge at the Amex Stadium have no desire to part ways with Mac Allister but have long proven to be willing to cash in on their top stars for the right price. Ben White moved to Arsenal for  £50m in 2021 before Marc Cucurella joined Chelsea in a  £62m deal last summer, and a number of clubs are hoping that Mac Allister will be the high-profile exit of 2023. LISTEN NOW