After finishing 14th in the Premier League, Crystal Palace will look at the summer transfer window as a poignant moment for the future of the club. The Eagles put a stop to their seven-game losing streak with a 1-1 draw at home to Tottenham on the final day, with many fans crying out for a fresh injection of youth into this ageing side. It looks like they could be getting their wish, with Nathan Ferguson already signed as a free agent. The Telegraph also suggest Queens Park Rangers starlet Eberechi Eze is close to joining Roy Hodgson's side. In the meantime, here's some players the club should look to move on. There is no doubting just how fantastic a career Scott Dann has had at Crystal Palace. After being signed in January 2014 for around  £1.5m, the English defender has been a hugely important member of the squad that cement the Eagles place in the Premier League. All good things, however, must come to an end. With Dann now 33 years old, the club should look to find his replacement. Of course, the centre-back is an important member of the dressing room, but questions will be asked over his ability to play at the top flight for much longer.Potential Destination: ChampionshipLikely Cost:  £2m France Football (via Get French Football News) reported in June that UEFA Champions League semi-finalists Lyon were looking to sign Mamadou Sakho from Crystal Palace.The report adds Palace have valued the defender at    5m, but there has since been no further developments.Sakho featured 14 times in the Premier League for Crystal Palace in 2019/20, and at the age of 30, he is earning  £100,000 per-week according to sportrac.Potential Destination: LyonLikely Cost:  £4.5m The German midfielder was dubbed a 'wonderkid' when he left Schalke on a free transfer in 2018. Meyer had been linked with moves to Europe's top sides, but eventually ended up at Selhurst Park - which rightfully excited Palace fans.However, it simply hasn't worked out for the playmaker, who started just six games in 2019/20 in all competitions. He's also on  £125,000 per-week, so it'd be a pretty good idea to get him off of the payroll.Potential Destination: BundesligaLikely Cost:  £8m