Mino Raiola often claims he likes to do his business in private - a claim he usually makes while singing from the rooftops about the players he represents. Paul Pogba's future at Manchester United has been a constant source of speculation over the last few years, with the World Cup winner attracting interest from European behemoths Real Madrid in particular. With the Frenchman finally showcasing his prodigious talent at Old Trafford this season, news that Raiola has been speaking about Pogba's future is the last thing United fans will want to hear right now. However, take your hands away from your eyes United fans as this time it could be good news. Raiola has said that he's interested to hear what United's plans for the future are - seemingly suggesting Pogba is open to remaining at Old Trafford if said plans align with his own - and that as long as the Frenchman is challenging for silverware, he is happy. "With Pogba, the important thing now is to know what United wants, what project they're proposing," Raiola said in a wide ranging interview with AS. "He is interested in one thing, winning the Champions League and winning titles, and we are going to see where this is possible, if at United or at other clubs." Raiola:    Pogba   s future? The most important thing now is to know what Man United wants, what project they   re proposing. He   s interested in one thing: winning the Champions League and titles, we are going to see where this is possible, if at United or at other clubs   . ? #MUFC When probed about why Pogba had not previously joined Real Madrid, despite their obvious interest, Raiola remarked: "It is a question to ask Madrid. At one time Pogba felt a lot of love and trust from United, and there were several other clubs.  "Later, it is very difficult for United and Madrid to understand each other for a great transfer, because strong clubs do not want to sell strong players to other strong clubs. And I'm not going to fool him, for Pogba playing for Madrid was always a very attractive thing for Zidane too. He is his idol as a young man." While some of you may gulp at the fact Raiola mentioned 'other clubs' when stating Pogba's desire to win titles, only this week did the France international reveal he believes the current Red Devils squad is capable of winning titles, providing the strongest hint yet that he could be open to staying at the club.     Cristiano Ronaldo    Robert Lewandowski    Erling Haaland    Paul Pogba     Zlatan IbrahimovicSome of the biggest names in football, represented by "Super Agents" ?    pic.twitter.com/vNq2xZNit4 Raiola's comments, meanwhile, are in stark contrast to revelations he made in December last year, when he claimed Pogba was unhappy at Old Trafford and was desperate to force a move away.