Liverpool and Manchester City have asked the representatives of Evan Ndicka to be kept informed of his plans ahead of his departure from Eintracht Frankfurt this summer. The French centre-back is set to leave the Bundesliga side on a free transfer with his contract expiring at the end of the 2022/23 season. 90min has previously reported that Tottenham are weighing up a move for Ndicka, but they are not the only Premier League club in the mix. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool and reigning Premier League champions Man City are the latest clubs to enter the running as both look to strengthen their backlines in the summer transfer window. READ MORE FROM 90MIN'S TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Ndicka is viewed as a cheaper alternative to Josko Gvardiol, who is expected to command a hefty fee should he leave RB Leipzig this summer. Nevertheless, the Croatian is Man City's priority target at centre-back. Paris Saint-Germain, Ndicka's hometown club, are also admirers of the 23-year-old. He has only ever played 16 games in French competitive football having come through the ranks at Auxerre and has never featured in Ligue 1. Ndicka previously had eyes on a move to Barcelona, but they are now prioritising the free transfer of Inigo Martinez from Athletic Club to fill their left-sided centre-back role. Manchester United and Newcastle United were also offered a route into the Ndicka sweepstakes but neither are overly keen to add another left-sided centre-back at this time. Ndicka's stock has risen during a five-year stint at Eintracht Frankfurt - one which yielded Europa League success last season and a place in the Champions League. Standing 6'4, Ndicka is exceptionally good in the air and is predominantly left-footed - something that appeals at this time given the flexibility in systems employed by a number of top sides. He's also pretty pacey for somebody of his height and is competitive in foot races against some of the quickest players in Germany. He's also one of a number of talented French defenders to emerge from the same Under-21 squad, notably featuring alongside Ibrahima Konate and Dayot Upamecano. LISTEN NOW