New Barcelona boss Ronald Koeman is keen to strengthen in five key positions this summer as he looks to rebuild his squad.  Following a hugely underwhelming 2019/20 season in which Bar  a crashed out of the Champions League in embarrassing fashion and finished the season without any silverware, the club brought in Koeman to replace Quique Seti  n as head coach, while the future of a number of players is in doubt. Barcelona confirm they have sacked Quique Seti  n. Was he entirely to blame for their poor form? ? pic.twitter.com/OrSDdJtJa7 Mundo Deportivo have now provided an update on Koeman's transfer targets as he looks to replace some of those who may depart. Starting at the back, the 57-year-old is keen to bring in one experienced and cheap centre-back as well as a right-back and left-back to provide squad depth - especially if Junior Firpo is sold.  In terms of left-backs, Pervis Estupi    n of Watford and Angers' Rayan Ait-Nouri could be available for a relatively low price. Valencia's Jose Gaya has also been of interest in the past. Eric Garcia of Manchester City has been linked with a return to Camp Nou this summer, but he doesn't fit the profile of an experienced centre-back.  In midfield, Koeman is after a physical player. Arturo Vidal and Ivan Rakitic are among those who have been told they are no longer part of the club's plans, but the likes of Riqui Puig, Sergio Busquets and Sergi Roberto will still be involved in 2020/21. Miralem Pjanic has already made the switch to Camp Nou, but a more physical and mobile midfielder is required.  While he isn't exactly a new signing, Koeman is keen to keep hold of Philippe Coutinho. Georginio Wijnaldum, who has a year remaining on his Liverpool contract, is also of interest to Bar  a.  Ajax's Donny van de Beek and Napoli's Fabian Ruiz have both been linked with the club, but Mundo Deportivo claim that neither player will be signed this summer as La Blaugrana simply don't have the funds to make either move happen right now. 