Eredivisie holders Ajax are interested in signing Tottenham youngster Ryan Sessegnon on loan, and have enquired over whether or not he'll be available. The Dutch giants - who are still champions after the 2019/20 was rendered null and void in light of the global coronavirus pandemic - are looking for a replacement for Moroccan star Hakim Ziyech, who has completed a summer transfer to Chelsea.  Their are also concerns over the long-term future of midfielder Donny van de Beek, but it appears that Ajax are also focussing on potential incomings. The Telegraph note that Sessegnon is on the club's radar, albeit on a temporary loan, rather than a permanent deal.  Prior to his move to north London, Sessegnon was considered one of the brightest young talents in English football. The youngster scored 23 goals for Fulham in three seasons as a teenager, playing as a left-back and also at left wing. His form was so good that he scooped the Championship Player of the Year award when he was just 17 years old. However, Sessegnon has struggled to make an impact in his first season at Spurs - making just 12 appearances in all competitions; scoring once against Bayern Munich in the Champions League. The 20-year old has found himself stuck behind the likes of Son Heung-min, Lucas Moura, Steven Bergwijn and Erik Lamela in the Lilywhite pecking order, and a loan move may be best if he wishes to get regular game time.  One person he does have the backing of, in the long-term at least, is Tottenham manager Jos   Mourinho. The Portuguese boss may not have afforded Sessegnon too much playing time, but he's previously waxed lyrical about his versatility and potential - comparing him to Ashley Cole, who enjoyed a long and successful career in English football. Quoted by football.london in May, the former Real Madrid boss said: "I think  Ryan  is absolutely fantastic, I have known him since a kid in Fulham. "I think in this moment he is a winger on the left, can also play on the right, can learn progressively and even developing physically, which he is doing." "I think Ryan can play as a left-back. Probably the left-back in the last decade was Ashley Cole, in spite of him being from two enemy clubs, but he was fantastic. But Ryan has lots of similarities with Ashley, and he can learn how to defend. In the future I think he can be (a left-back) but in this moment he is not ready to play as a left-back."