Manchester United have wrapped up an impressive deal on WSL transfer deadline day by signing Danish striker Signe Bruun on loan from French giants Lyon. United started the month by trying to sign Stina Blackstenius, who went on to join Arsenal instead. The club continued to search for a new striker, before attention also turned to more defensive acquisitions, with Bruun then emerging as a late target only hours before the deadline. Bruun said:    It   s amazing to be here, I   m really happy to be joining Manchester United. It is a big club with huge history, I have followed the women   s project for a while and have seen the progression of the team, and I think this move was a perfect match for me.    I want to be able to help the team as much as possible during my time here, hopefully with a lot of goals but also a lot of hard work too. I can   t wait to get started on the training pitch with the players and staff ahead of a busy period of games.    United manager Marc Skinner added:    We are delighted to welcome Signe to the club, she is an exceptional player, and it really shows the ambition of the club in securing this move. Signe   s talent speaks for itself but her ability to find the narrowest of spaces in the box and be so deadly in front of goal is something that we   re really excited to see.    She is still so young and will definitely compliment the fantastic talent we already have in this team. She also has that experience of big games, especially in the Champions League, so we   re all looking forward to seeing her thrive here.    At 23, Bruun is a top young talent and is an imposing physical frame who is likely to be well suited to the WSL. She has a prolific goal record at international level with Denmark and has turned out for both Lyon and Paris Saint-Germain in France. Bruun made her name as a teenager with Danish club Fortuna Hjorring, where she had an excellent strike rate, winning two national titles and going on to play in the Champions League. United   s goals have largely been spread around this season, with no single player contributing significantly more than any other. Ella Toone has five in the WSL, while Leah Galton and Alessia Russo have four and Vilde Boe Risa, Katie Zelem, Martha Thomas and Hayley Ladd on two each.