Chelsea forward Olivier Giroud is said to be considering his future at Stamford Bridge after being thrust firmly to the periphery by Frank Lampard at the start of the 2020/21 season.  The Frenchman enjoyed a prosperous end to the 2019/20 season, scoring in seven of the Blues' final 12 Premier League games, but has racked up a mere 33 minutes of top-flight action this term after falling behind Timo Werner and Tammy Abraham in Lampard's pecking order.  Thus, Football London reports that Giroud may look to secure a move away from west London in January in a bid for regular minutes ahead of next summer's rearranged Euros.  The 34-year-old is a key part of Didier Deschamps plans for Les Bleus and has been selected for France's upcoming clashes with Finland, Portugal and Sweden this month despite the minimal game time he's currently enjoying at Chelsea. However, such is the wealth of attacking options at Deschamps' disposal, there's simply no guarantee that Giroud will be a crucial part of the France squad for the upcoming tournament should he continue to be starved of minutes throughout the season. The former Arsenal striker, though, was in a similar situation last term, being heavily linked with a move to Inter in January before signing a one-year contract extension in the spring and enjoying a productive end to the season after the June restart. Lampard, meanwhile, maintains that Giroud is an important part of the dressing room and has been impressed with the Frenchman's attitude despite his lack of opportunities. "He has given a typically great response to train as well as possible and support the group. He is amazing around the group and that is just a fact with Oli and maybe not a fact with people all around the team. I can't speak highly enough of him on that side," said the Chelsea boss. "When Oli came in, he performed very well in the restart for us which was a huge factor in us getting into the top four. I have difficult questions to answer and selections in the team. I have great professionals and Oli is absolutely showing that."