Antonio Conte has hinted at further activity from Tottenham in the transfer window ahead of the new Premier League season. Spurs convinced the Italian to stay after sealing Champions League qualification last season and have since brought in Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison and Clement Lenglet as they target further improvement. Speaking during Tottenham's pre-season trip to South Korea, Conte hinted at his happiness with his side's activity but revealed there could be more to come. "Yeah, we signed five players and when the ideas are very clear it   s more simple to go into the transfer window and sign the players," he said. "Our plan was very clear about the positions and the roles in which we needed to improve and we did it. "I think the club worked very well in this window. For every coach to have the players quickly is very important because you can work with them and try to put them into our idea of football. In the past....I think it was good to sign five players quickly. "Now we   ll see what happens. We are always looking to strengthen the squad if there is the opportunity. We want to improve numerically the squad.   "I repeat to play four competitions is difficult. You need a really good squad, with the numerical aspect and the quality aspect.   Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! "It will be a tough, really demanding season for us but I'm sure that we want to enjoy this season to play four competitions and try to be competitive in every competition that we are going to play.  