Paul Pogba has agreed to join Juventus, 90min understands, putting pen to paper on a four-year deal at the club.  The French midfielder is set to leave Manchester United on a free transfer for a second time at the end of June, having failed to agree terms on a new deal at Old Trafford.  Pogba is now set to embark on a second spell at another club: Juventus. Sources have told 90min that the World Cup winner has agreed a four-year deal at the Allianz Stadium. Despite having had offers from both Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain, Pogba has opted to rejoin Juve due to his family's love for the city of Turin. On the footballing side, Pogba was also enthused by Juventus' proposal of building a competitive team around him and the opportunity to work with esteemed manager Max Allegri again. The midfielder arguably enjoyed the two best club seasons of his career under Allegri between 2014 and 2016, winning two league and cup doubles, reaching the UEFA Champions League final, and earning a spot in the FIFPro World XI.  Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers,  with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United   s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. After leaving Juventus, Pogba endured a topsy-turvy spell at Man Utd. The midfielder certainly had his moments - notably a match-winning performance against Man City and a Europa League triumph under Jose Mourinho - but ultimately the  £89m signing didn't have its intended impact at the club.  In his new Amazon Prime documentary 'Pogumentary', Pogba shed light on his contract negotiations with Man Utd prior to his exit.    My thought process is to show Manchester that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract   and to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract," he said.