Manchester United are preparing to launch a  £72m double swoop on Juventus, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer reportedly keen to add Douglas Costa and Alex Sandro to his squad. The Red Devils are looking to add more depth both at left-back and on the wings as the club look to consolidate the progress made since the arrival of their good form instigator, Bruno Fernandes. According to Calciomercato, Juventus are keen to let Brazilian wide man Douglas Costa leave the club in order to offload his hefty wages.  Matando a saudade  #godsplan A post shared by  DC11 (@douglascosta) on Jun 8, 2020 at 7:18am PDT The report claims that Juventus want around    40m ( £36m) for the 29-year-old, with United opening proceedings with a  £27m bid. The Manchester club reportedly view Costa as a cheaper alternative to Jadon Sancho, with the Red Devils reluctant to meet Borussia Dortmund's asking price for the Englishman. Jadon Sancho is now with the team - as normal for a Borussia Dortmund player. BVB and Manchester United in talks by two weeks but still no agreement reached. Personal terms have never been a problem. It   s still up to the clubs. ? #BVB #MUFC #transfers https://t.co/0fgYyLWPnS Italian Journalist Gianluca Di Marzio told Sky Sports News that Manchester United have already held talks with the player's agent. However, Costa is not the only Brazilian Juventus player Manchester United have on their radar this summer. Calciomercato also allege that Solskjaer's side have held a long-term interest in left-back Alex Sandro, and could finally make their move to land the defender this summer. Juventus are said to value the full-back at    40m too, meaning United would have to cough up  £72m if they were to land both men. Last year, Giovanni Branchini, a former representative of Costa, spoke out about a potential move. He told the Daily Mail: "The interest of  Manchester United  was strong, a club that has always been interested in the Brazilian.   "It was not the only club but in England it was certainly the most active team on the trail of Douglas Costa." Branchini added: "He loves Juventus but is able to adapt to every reality. Premier League is a beautiful championship but for now United have failed in all their attempts to convince Juventus to sell him."