90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi will make a special trip to the team's training session on Tuesday for showdown talks with Kylian Mbappe about his future. (L'Equipe) Harry Maguire was upset to be stripped of the Manchester United captaincy and is considering leaving the club this summer, with Chelsea keen to lure the England international to Stamford Bridge. (The Sun) Sticking with Chelsea, the Blues have rejected an opening bid for Callum Hudson-Odoi from Fulham, who are considering whether to launch a second offer. (Mail) After pulling out of talks to sign Romelu Lukaku, Inter have set their sights on signing either Atletico Madrid's Alvaro Morata or Arsenal's Folarin Balogun. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Arsenal's  £50m asking price for Balogun is expected to be too high for Inter. (Mail) Liverpool are looking at Manchester City midfielder Kalvin Phillips as a potential replacement for Fabinho, whose future could lie in Saudi Arabia. (Mirror) Benfica midfielder Florentino Luis is also on Liverpool's midfield shortlist. (Neil Jones) manual Bayern Munich are open to selling midfielder Leon Goretzka, a former target for Manchester United, for anywhere between    40m and    50m. (Sky Germany) David de Gea is expected to move to Saudi Arabia this summer after receiving huge offers from a number of clubs in the Middle East. (Star) Manchester City have offered Barcelona left-back Alejandro Balde an enormous contract to move to the Etihad this summer but the 19-year-old has no interest in leaving Camp Nou. (Mundo Deportivo) Napoli are determined to hold on to winger Khvicha Kvaratskhelia this summer and plan to reject Newcastle's club-record bid of  £82m. (Corriere dello Sport) Giovani Lo Celso is close to leaving Tottenham, with Napoli in talks over his signature. (Mail) Xavi Simons is close to joining Bundesliga side RB Leipzig on loan after agreeing to return to PSG from Dutch side PSV Eindhoven. (Fabrizio Romano)