Neymar has 'no desire' to leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer despite rumours linking him with a move away from the club. Reports in France have suggested that PSG are willing to part company with the 30-year-old in a bid to bring down their escalating wage bill, which has sky rocketed after Kylian Mbappe performed a dramatic last-gasp U-turn to sign a new contract. The Ligue 1 champions and former Champions League finalists have also been busy adding to their squad in this summer's transfer market, poaching Nuno Mendes from Sporting CP on a permanent deal in addition to agreeing a    40m move for Porto midfielder Vitinha. Neymar still has three years remaining on the contract extension he signed in 2021, and recently told Oh My Goal of his future plans: "It's really true on my side that I want to stay. "Nobody has told me anything, but on my side, it's pretty clear I want to stay." But despite making that statement, Neymar has continued to be linked with a move away, even though many clubs would struggle to match his huge wages. Spanish publication Marca reiterate that he has no desire to leave, despite PSG's finances coming under scrutiny from La Liga president Javier Tebas. He has publicly denounced UEFA's overlooking of significant losses on PSG's balance sheet, totalling    224m, which has left many questioning whether or not the club are complying with Financial Fair Play regulations. "PSG are now going to end up with losses of    200m, they already had a loss of    300m...and now they go and renew Mbappe with those amounts," Tebas remarked after filing a complaint against both PSG and Manchester City - the latter in regards to the transfer of Erling Haaland. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers,  with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Liverpool's signing of Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United   s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more.