Chelsea midfielder Billy Gilmour has been tipped to reject the chance to leave Stamford Bridge on loan in favour of learning under new boss Thomas Tuchel. The 19-year-old Scot was a favourite under former boss Frank Lampard but has failed to make either of Tuchel's first two matchday squads, prompting rumours that he could head out on loan for the remainder of the season. The idea of Gilmour finding a temporary new home was suggested even before Lampard left the club, with the player himself open to the idea of leaving, but The Athletic's David Ornstein states that Gilmour is now open to staying. It's claimed that Gilmour is hopeful he will see minutes across the rest of the season as Chelsea continue to compete in three competitions - the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup - so he plans to stay and fight his way into the boss' plans. Gilmour had been worried about his chances of earning a maiden call-up to the Scotland squad in time for this summer's European Championships, and while his cause will not be helped by staying on the fringes at Chelsea, many within the Scotland setup still feel as though it's simply a matter of time before the 19-year-old is involved. As it stands, a loan move looks to be dead, with the report stating that Gilmour is likely to stay at Chelsea 'unless things take a surprising turn'. That surprising turn could well be interest from Southampton. The Daily Mail revealed late on Sunday that Gilmour has been in talks with the Saints over a possible January move, with manager Ralph Hasenhuttl keen for more competition in midfield. However, it appears that Gilmour has decided against leaving. He is concerned about spending too much time adjusting to life at a new club for only a few months of football, given trying to impress Tuchel could be better in the long run. Gilmour plans to spend the next six months working out where he stands under the new boss. If minutes remain hard to come by, he would rather leave on loan in the summer and spend an entire season away from the Bridge. Competition for places is high under Tuchel, who has insisted everybody will be given a fresh start following Lampard's dismissal.