Barcelona had been hoping that Inter forward Lautaro Mart  nez would actively push for a transfer this summer, and a report in Italy has claimed he has done exactly that. The Argentine is Barcelona's top target, but as a result of the financial impact of the coronavirus outbreak, a move has been made a little more complicated. Meeting his    111m release clause is impossible, so Barcelona are pushing to find an agreement for a player-plus-cash deal. Up until now, the ball has been in Inter's court. Mart  nez is under contract until 2023 and Inter have no financial need to sell, but La Gazzetta dello Sport note that Barcelona's chances of striking a deal have been handed a huge boost as the 22-year-old has officially spoken to the club about his desire to leave. Inter have always known that was the case anyway, but for Mart  nez to specifically meet manager Antonio Conte to discuss an exit has encouraged the Serie A side to find an agreement as soon as possible. Mart  nez has agreed not to speak about his future anymore and instead focus on ending the season in style. Inter are in the race for the league title and Coppa Italia and they are also pushing for Europa League glory, and Conte knows that Mart  nez needs to be at his best if they are to achieve their goals. ? | LAUTAROEl Toro has loved an early goal this season, but can anyone tell us which one was his fastest and exactly how long it took him? ?      #FORZAINTER    ? pic.twitter.com/2GMvi6Tl7e The whole squad are aware of Mart  nez's situation and are now said to waiting for a deal to be finalised. Negotiations are going well, but this revelation will only help things move forward. Sport add that Barcelona's idea is to pay    60m in cash and then give Inter a choice of a few players to add into the deal. Left-back Junior Firpo is seen as a likely option, but N  lson Semedo's name has also been thrown around. Bar  a hope to have everything wrapped up by the end of June so they can officially confirm the deal on 1 July, and Inter are just as eager to get things done quickly. Now that they know Mart  nez wants to go, they want to raise money to pursue his replacement.