Welcome to the  90min  Wednesday live transfer blog     the place that will keep you up to date with the breaking news throughout the day. Just 13 days of the January window remain and there's still plenty of deals to be thrashed out between now and the end of the month. Ferran Torres, Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne remain the big movers so far. Follow along with the below live blog to stay up to date with all the latest transfer speculation doing the rounds. That's all from us today but we'll back back tomorrow with even more transfer news, gossip and rumours. Bye for now! While a deal for Juventus' Arthur Melo creeps closer to completion, Arsenal's hopes of signing Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon have hit a roadblock. Goal write that the Gunners have been priced out of a move for the midfielder this window. If Barcelona are still keen on shifting some players from the wage book, then it looks like Valencia could help them out. Carrusel Deportivo report that their La Liga rivals want to take Oscar Mingueza on loan for the rest of the season, and the defender is open to the idea as he doesn't believe he'll see much playing time under Xavi. Amid rumours of a reunion between Phillipe Coutinho Steven Gerrard and Luis Suarez at Aston Villa, Goal have taken the party pooper role. Atletico are not prepared to let Suarez leave midway through the season, but he could be free to go when his contract expires in the summer. Denis Zakaria is wanted by pretty much everyone. Juventus and Manchester United have dominated the recent headlines, by Sky Germany have thrown Bayern Munich into the mix. Zakaria has been identified as a possible replacement for Corentin Tolisso and Bayern hope that the chance to stay in the Bundesliga (and definitely win 1,000 titles) will persuade him to reject Man Utd. You'd think Barcelona would be pushing hard to get fringe players off their wage books, but then a story like this emerges. Sport say that backup goalkeeper Neto, currently wanted by Flamengo and has been linked with a move to England in the recent past, will not be allowed to leave this window. Better luck next time, buddy. After being linked with a move to Barcelona in recent days, there's been an update on what's in store for Roberto Firmino. Sky Sport DE report that the striker will decide his own fate and he has no intentions of leaving Liverpool this window. Carry on, then. Ah, the age-old war between Antonio Conte and Jose Mourinho could be reigniting. Gazzetta dello Sport and Il Tempo write that Spurs are plotting a move for Roma midfielder Jordan Veretout, who could be on his way out of the Stadio Olimpico following the arrivals of Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Sergio Oliveira. 90min revealed recently that Eddie Howe has urged Newcastle's owners to bring in ambitious signings before the transfer deadline. It seems they have be heeding his warning, as Portuguese outlet Record say that the Magpies are desperate in their pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. The 22-year-old has been likened to compatriot Edinson Cavani and came close to joining Brighton in the summer. Goal bring the update that Arsenal held face-to-face talks with the agent of Juventus midfielder Arthur today in an attempt to smooth out the issues in this proposed transfer. The situation remains the same: Arsenal want Arthur, Arthur wants Arsenal and Juventus won't let Arthur go without a replacement. 90min revealed earlier this month that Lille have blocked approaches from Newcastle & AC Milan for centre-back Sven Botman, and now club president Olivier Letang has confirmed as much.    I have already said my piece on Sven by declaring we want to keep our best players. We won   t even open the door to discuss it. We want to keep him.    Arsenal are discussing a January bid for Atletico Mineiro starlet Savio, according to UOL. The 17-year-old winger is valued in excess of    5m and has already attracted interest from Red Bull Bragantino in Brazil. Lille hotshot Jonathan David is already wanted by Arsenal, Liverpool and Real Madrid, but now the Canada international has a few more options to choose from. TSN Sports add Chelsea, Tottenham, Barcelona and Man Utd to his long list of suitors.  There could be a whole lot of bidding wars this summer. Man Utd have rejected the chance to send Jesse Lingard to Newcastle on loan, according to The Guardian. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick still wants to clear some space in his squad, but whether he'll be convinced to offload Lingard remains to be seen. Layvin Kurzawa is not expected to join Chelsea this month, with The Telegraph stating the Blues are looking at other options first. As was the case with Lucas Digne, manager Thomas Tuchel is not thought to be a big fan. Andreas Pereira's loan from Manchester United to Flamengo could be made permanent this month if the Brazilian side get their wish. Pereira's loan contract comes with a    20m option to buy, but Flamengo have offered just    8m and Globo Esporte believe that could be enough to get a deal done. Sport Mediaset have reported that Tottenham defender Japhet Tanganga is on the radar of AC Milan, but the Rossoneri's initial interest was quickly knocked back. However, talks between the two sides are still ongoing and Milan are hopeful of getting this one done. Newcastle had been confident of landing Sevilla centre-back Diego Carlos, but Sky Sports News have now claimed that another Premier League side have matched their  £30m bid. Further frustration for the Magpies? Arsenal continue to push to sign Juventus midfielder Arthur, but Massimiliano Allegri doesn't want to let him go and Calciomercato.it state that his desire to keep the Brazilian is stronger than ever now. Allegri is said to have been so impressed with Arthur in Tuesday's 4-1 win over Sampdoria that he is prepared to put his foot down in an attempt to block the move. Jesse Lingard's future has been the hottest topic of the day so far. Newcastle are chasing him and 90min understands they are ready to make him their all-time highest earner to convince him to move. You can read all about that here. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been asked whether Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will play for the club again following links with Al Nassr... "He contracted Covid and then the national team decided to bring him back here. We need to make sure the player's health is in the best possible condition and then we'll see what happens. "He's in London. Now he's going through some examinations because we haven't had any clarity from the Gabon national team about the reasons why he's come back. It's our obligation to make sure he's in a good condition and there's no issues related to that." And so it begins... According to CBS Sports' James Benge, Saudi big boys Al Nassr have made a loan offer for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang - who has lost the trust of Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta. The proposal includes an obligation to buy for    8m, and the Gunners are thinking it over. Big. Newcastle United are willing to make Jesse Lingard the highest paid player at the club in order to persuade him to join them on loan,  90min  understands. Newcastle - who have asked Man Utd about a number of potential loans including Lingard and Donny van de Beek - are looking to push through as many deals as they can for manager Eddie Howe before the end of the January window. More to come on the 90min website shortly... Lots of Barcelona rumours about today... Reports coming out of Catalonia suggest a decision on a deal for Chelsea contract rebel Andreas Christensen is 'imminent', with talks between Bar  a and the defender's representatives progressing well. According to Sport, personal terms are all but agreed - although it is suggested that they may have to make their move sooner rather than later to secure the Dane's signature. Whether that means a pre-contract agreement or January move remains to be seen. Chelsea want to keep the player, although they were left unimpressed when the centre-back changed agents and raised his demands and are struggling to settle on terms. Mikel Arteta is desperate to make a statement and add a top striker to his Arsenal squad this month. Fiorentina hitman Dusan Vlahovic is the Gunners' number one target, and according to a report in Italy they are willing to offers some astronomical wages to land him. Florence-based La Nazione reckon Arsenal are prepared to table a contract worth an eye-watering  £308,000 per week to lure him to the Emirates - although that would still only make him the club's second highest-paid player behind Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Steven Gerrard's attempts to reunite the 2013/14 Liverpool squad at Aston Villa continue with the news that Luis Suarez is considering a proposal from his former teammate. Gerard Romero claims Suarez has turned down offers from Brazil and the Middle East, but is considering the Villans' approach having seen Philippe Coutinho make the switch to Villa Park on loan from Barcelona. Suarez's contract with Atletico Madrid expires in the summer and the Rojiblancos do not plan to keep him beyond this season, according to COPE. Some bombshell quotes coming out of Barcelona this afternoon. It seems head coach Xavi is not willing to play games in Ousmane Dembele's contract standoff. The Frenchman's current deal expires in the summer but he is yet to pen fresh terms, with Bar  a unwilling to meet his lofty wage demands - and Xavi is not best pleased.    We can   t wait for Ousmane. [Either he] renews the contract or a solution to sell him must be found immediately.    I don   t consider sending him to stands. He says he wants to stay but then he doesn   t sign." It seems like Dani Alves is struggling to adapt to life at Barcelona without Lionel Messi - and to be fair, it must be pretty strange as the superstar had become part of the furniture. Probably like coming home to find your sofa missing. Anyway, the Brazilian has urged Messi to come back and finish his career at Camp Nou. "Messi is the best player in the history of football. It's strange to be here and not see him, to not have him in the squad. "It would be very good if Messi finishes his career here." Another development in Newcastle's latest attempt to bring Jesse Lingard in on loan from Manchester United... According to the Daily Mail, the Red Devils are not too keen to let the player leave despite the fact he has barely featured this season. One to keep an eye on. As ridiculous as that sounds, Marca reckon that's a possibility in the summer if Robert Lewandowski rejects Bayern Munich's contract proposal. Die Roten have a one-year extension policy for their over-30 players, but are unsurprisingly willing to make an exception for the Polish goal machine. However, there's a catch: Bayern are supposedly only offering the 33-year-old a one-year extension on the same salary, or a two-year renewal IF he agrees to a pay cut. Seems like a dangerous game to play... Another report from France, another report involving Newcastle... According to Ignazio Genuardi, Paris Saint-Germain have rejected two approaches from Newcastle for former Magpies midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum - who has struggled since moving to Parc des Princes on a free transfer from Liverpool in the summer. Inter and Juventus have previously expressed an interest from Serie A. Seems he's likely to stay in France for the time being at least, though. Brighton have rebuffed a  £30m bid for star midfielder Yves Bissouma, according to reports from France. The Malian is currently away at the Africa Cup of Nations, and although he's attracting plenty of attention he will stay put this month barring an exceptional offer - so says Fabrice Hawkins. Arsenal, Aston Villa and - you guessed it - Newcastle are named as the interested parties, although it's not clear where the bid arrived from. You may have worked this one out for yourself, but Chelsea aren't going to be signing Sergino Dest this month. The Blues had been linked with the Barcelona and USMNT man as they seek cover in the wing-back positions in the absence of both Ben Chilwell and Reece James. However, his agent Michael Reschke has ruled out a move in January. "Sergino is happy at Barcelona. It's a great club. That's why it's quite unlikely at the moment." One of the never-ending transfer rumours since Newcastle's Saudi-backed takeover has reared its head once again. According to the MEN, the Magpies are preparing another loan offer for Man Utd outcast Jesse Lingard. The report claims newly-moneyed Newcastle would stump up the midfielders full wages, and this could be the last chance for Man Utd to get a fee for a player whose contract expires in the summer. A strongly worded riposte to some chat around Erling Haaland this morning... Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has insisted that claims the club have given Haaland a deadline to decide his  future  are 'bulls***' - that's despite the player saying himself in an interview that pressure is being applied by those above him with a contract on the table and almost every top club circling. "Saying that Borussia would give Erling an ultimatum is bulls***t. There's no deadline." We feel a transfer saga coming on... Tottenham, Arsenal and Leeds are just three of a vast number of clubs taking a look at Middlesbrough's Djed Spence. Spence is currently on loan at Nottingham Forest and has impressed throughout the season, particularly under Steve Cooper. Any transfer would go through at the end of the campaign as the 21-year-old has already played for two clubs during 2021/22. Brighton are closing in on the signing of 17-year-old Paraguay international Julio Enciso from Libertad. 90min understands Enciso is valued at around  £8m by Libertad, with the teenager already having been a part of the first team squad for two years. Arsenal midfielder Mohamed Elneny has been linked with a move to Turkish giants Fenerbahce. The 29-year-old has featured sporadically for Mikel Arteta's Gunners this season and has previously spent time away from the club on loan. The Sun claim another exit is on the horizon, although a move will likely hinge on the club bringing in Arthur Melo on loan from Juventus. Newcastle are growing increasingly confident they can finalise a deal for Sevilla central defender Diego Carlos. The Brazilian is looking to push through a move to St James' Park and has told the Europa League specialists that he wants to leave. Talks continue between the two clubs over a fee.