Chelsea's owners are keen to strike a deal to sign Dynamo Moscow midfielder Arsen Zakharyan for new partner club Strasbourg, 90min understands. 20-year-old Zakharyan first emerged as a target for Chelsea last summer but complications over dealing with a Russian club in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine ultimately rendered a deal impossible, and attempts to reignite negotiations in January also fell flat. Since then, a number of clubs have expressed an interest in Zakharyan, who is free to leave Dynamo Moscow this summer after entering the final 12 months of his contract. Feyenoord and Lazio are both understood to have reached out, forcing Chelsea to explore their options to recruit the Russia international. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Chelsea's owners, who also control a majority stake in Ligue 1 side Strasbourg, are now hoping to strike a deal which would see the French side sign Zakharyan this summer instead. A fee of just  £8.6m is expected to be enough to get a deal over the line, with a number of European sides sensing the chance to strike a bargain. feed Elsewhere, Chelsea have lodged a verbal offer of  £21m for Montpellier striker Elye Wahi, who the Blues hope to loan to Strasbourg for the coming campaign. 20-year-old Wahi racked up 19 goals and six assists in Ligue 1 last season and, like Zakharyan, has plenty of suitors from across Europe, and so Chelsea are trying to move early to win the race for his signature. Montpellier value Wahi at closer to  £30m but talks between the two clubs are ongoing with a view to reaching a compromise. If Chelsea can agree a deal, they will offer Wahi the chance to spend next season on loan with Strasbourg, although the Blues are prepared to find the striker another temporary home if such a move does not appeal to Wahi. Chelsea's transfer strategy has already begun to take shape at Strasbourg, who have signed 20-year-olds Abakar Sylla and Emanuel Emegha for  £17m and  £11m respectively. The deals are the two most expensive in Strasbourg history.