The takeover is finally complete. Mike Ashley has left Newcastle United and with him goes the years of frugal spending which crippled the Magpies. The Saudi Public Investment Fund have the kind of money needed to land big names like Kylian Mbappe or Erling Haaland, but they're keen to inject a dose of realism. Those kinds of superstars aren't coming to St James' Park, but that doesn't mean there won't be a hefty spending spree when the January transfer window opens. Here's a realistic look at how Newcastle could look after their first transfer window under the new owners. Martin Dubravka's injury issues, coupled with poor form from Karl Darlow and young Freddie Woodman, mean Newcastle's new owners will likely look for a new goalkeeper, and Fenerbahce's Altay Bayindir could be their man. The 23-year-old is one of Turkey's brightest young stars and is destined for a big move in the near future, and Newcastle would be smart to force their way to the front of the queue. They've already been linked with him, too With the new owners prepared to spend big without going crazy, they'll likely look for upgrades in the discard pile of some of the game's biggest clubs, and it's there that they will find Manchester United's Diogo Dalot. He's too good to spend all his time on the bench and would likely jump at the chance to join Newcastle, where he would be a clear upgrade on Javi Manquillo and Emil Krafth. United would welcome offers, either permanent or on loan. A full clearout in January is highly unlikely and the new owners will likely look to keep a familiar face at the back. Club captain Jamaal Lascelles is an obvious candidate, but his form just hasn't been good enough over the past few months. Fabian Schar is perhaps the likeliest candidate to stick around. While his performances haven't exactly been good either, the Swiss international has that kind of big-game experience that the new owners will be keen on. After signing a new contract with Liverpool in August, a loan move for Nat Phillips seems like a certainty in January. He's well down the pecking order these days and may well have agreed to an extension simply to preserve his value to the club. He's obviously not a superstar name, but 24-year-old Phillips proved his quality in the Premier League last season, dealing with some immense pressure in the process. He'd be a steady upgrade while the club figure out what kind of names they can actually attract. His career has been stalling as of late, but Jamal Lewis' potential is no secret. He was a star-in-the-making at Norwich and perhaps just needs the right guidance to get himself back on track. Matt Richie has been pretty impressive this year and has dominated the minutes as a result, but at 32 years old, he's hardly a long-term option and could be phased out. Newcastle's scouting team has (justifiably) been very high on Boubacar Kamara for a while now. The Marseille midfielder has been really impressive over the past few seasons and has attracted interest from some huge teams as a result. What makes this signing so feasible is the fact that Kamara is in the final year of his contract. Plenty of teams will be making him offers in January, but Newcastle's willingness to pay a transfer fee and bring him in quickly could be key. No surprises here. Joe Willock will absolutely remain a key part of Newcastle's team going forward, at least for the short run. The expensive summer signing hasn't been able to match the electric form in which he ended last season, but a shake-up of the furniture at St James' could be exactly what he needs. He's been flirting with an exit from Wolves for the past few months, so Adama Traore could well jump ship and be the blockbuster signing of the January window for Newcastle. The new owners want fast, exciting football and Traore embodies that to a tee. His final product might still leave a little to be desired, but he gets fans off their seats - and he could form an absolutely frightening partnership with a similar winger who may just earn a spot later on. Jesse Lingard wants significantly more minutes than he is currently getting at Man Utd, and Newcastle should be all over the chance to bring in an England international who was among the best players in the league across the second half of last season. With his contract winding down, a permanent move for Lingard is definitely an option, meaning Dalot could be snapped up on loan. If there is one player who will absolutely, 100% be a focal point for the new owners, it's superstar winger Allan Saint-Maximin. Big bids from sides across Europe will no longer be enough to convince Newcastle to sell the Frenchman, who epitomises the exciting football which both the owners and fans are desperate to see.