So, Paulo Dybala is actually leaving Juventus this summer. Yeah, seriously.  After months, upon months, upon months of negotiations Dybala has rejected Juve's latest contract proposal and is heading out the door of the Allianz Stadium at the end of the season. The question is: what team is Dybala going to? We have taken a closer look at his possible options... One of the many Premier League clubs that 90min have been told are in 'open dialogue' with Dybala, however they're probably the least likely to make a move. And that's because the Blues have Kai Havertz, who plays in the exact same position, is younger, has had less injury woes, and is probably just better at this point. Likelihood: 2/10 Like Chelsea, Arsenal are in 'open dialogue' with Dybala's agent and, like Chelsea, they're probably not going to sign the Juve number 10. With the Gunners now focusing on signing young players who can develop at the club, Dybala - who is now 28 (crazy, right?) -  doesn't really fit the bill for Mikel Arteta.Likelihood: 3/10 Yep, another Premier League club who've been chatting with the player's agent.In a lot of ways Dybala would be a great Pep Guardiola player. Then again,  Guardiola already has about 50 squad members with similar attributes to the Argentine at his disposal. We don't think he needs another. Likelihood: 3/10  Surely this isn't going to happen, right? Well it might...90min understands that I Nerazzurri are among those to have expressed an interest in signing Dybala, and that move would likely mean that Lautaro Martinez would be shipped out the door. The Inter striker has been the subject of interest from Tottenham, Man City and Arsenal in the past - the latter of whom 'explored' the possibility' of signing Lautaro in the 2021 summer transfer window.This one would hurt Juventini - a lot. Likelihood: 5/10 Tottenham were so, so close to signing Dybala back in 2019, and they could be about to go after the Argentine again. The big leg-up that Spurs have is that there's a good relationship between the two clubs. Juve have already sold Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski to Tottenham     who have former Bianconeri director Fabio Paratici doing their transfer dealings. Sure, footballing wise this move doesn't make the most sense, but if Spurs can get a player with the star-power Dybala has for free, they may do it. Likelihood: 6/10 