Manchester United plan to turn their attention to Stade Rennais youngster Eduardo Camavinga once they have completed the signing of Jadon Sancho. United are hoping to build a team fit for a Premier League title challenge next season but are yet to strengthen the squad who finished second to Manchester City last term. That is expected to change soon, as a deal for Sancho is nearing completion, with personal talks expected to be a breeze once a transfer fee is agreed with Borussia Dortmund. Bild reported last week that a deal is reaching its conclusion and that is backed up by The Mail, who say that United now see Sancho as a done deal. All that's needed is to agree how the fee is structured, which isn't expected to be too much of a stumbling block. They say that after Sancho is done and dusted, United plan to strengthen their midfield, and that Camavinga - who already has more than 80 senior appearances under his belt - is the primary target. Mohamed Bouhafsi of RMC Sport later reported on Sunday that Man Utd will meet with Camavinga's entourage next week, but the player's desire is to join Paris Saint-Germain.  The 18-year-old was previously linked with Real Madrid and could be available for a modest fee, considering his contract is up at the end of next season. Rennes don't want to wait and risk him leaving on a free transfer, so are prepared to listen to reasonable bids that arrive this summer. Camavinga is already a senior international for France, and is a favourite of Paul Pogba's, despite being left out of their squad for Euro 2020. Pogba previously waxed lyrical about the youngster after he scored in his first start against Ukraine back in October, admitting he sees a little bit of himself in the Rennes starlet.  Potentially the man to replace Paul Pogba at Manchester United? ?Get to know Eduardo Camavinga ??... pic.twitter.com/2psbbMmsc0    It is a pleasure to see him don the shirt. To score after his first starts, that is honestly wonderful," Pogba said at the time.