Emiliano Buendia has insisted his focus remains solely on finishing the season well with Norwich, refusing to be drawn on rumours linking him with Atletico Madrid. The Canaries' relegation to the second tier was confirmed after a crushing 4-0 home defeat to West Ham, with the club left with just two fixtures to play in the English top flight this season. Despite going down with a whimper, Buendia has attracted the gaze of a few clubs across Europe, with La Liga giants Atletico among them, following some impressive performances of his own. Exit talk was not on the Argentine's mind, however, and instead he directed his focus towards finishing the season strongly.  Sad and disappointed by the result of the season. We tried but we didn't reach the point to achieve our goal. We   re very sorry for the fans. We   ll keep working till the end ? @norwichcityfc A post shared by  Emi Buendia (@em10buendia) on Jul 12, 2020 at 12:14pm PDT "Everyone helped me here since the beginning," he told Sky Sports. "I have a contract here and I hope the club, the team and the fans get back to the Premier league as soon as possible. "We have to be focused to finish the season well, not thinking about next season or each player in himself. Now we have to finish, we have a game tomorrow and one more at Carrow Road. We have to think to finish the league with our best performance." As usual with relegated sides from the Premier League, talk has already emerged about a number of Canaries stars departing Norfolk, although boss Daniel Farke quelled such suggestions by claiming none of his players have asked to leave, despite their fate being sealed. "So far no one has knocked at my door and said he wants to leave. I'm quite relaxed," he stated. "We haven't forced them to sign a long term contract, they were fully committed when they did this and I'm quite confident that they did this also fully aware what it means. "We are not naive, we know that we have some interesting young players. It's a good sign - it's not that I'm annoyed about this.