Inter have put deals for Torino's Gleison Bremer and free agent Paulo Dybala on hold until members of the current squad are sold, 90min understands.  Both players have been heavily linked with a move to the Nerazzurri this summer and, despite interest from elsewhere, they have long been expected to sign them both.  90min reported this week that Dybala's move to Inter was '95% done', but the club has since stalled negotiations in the hope of selling two of Alexis Sanchez, Edin Dzeko and Joaquin Correa before finalising the signing of the former Juventus man.  CEO Beppe Marotta discussed this topic with the media on Tuesday, saying: "I want to talk about Dybala, a much debated topic. He is a free agent, for the first time many high level players are without a team.  "It is a sign that football has changed. Dybala represents an opportunity for us but in the attack we are absolutely set."  Manager Simone Inzaghi echoed Marotta's statement, saying: "You heard what Marotta said about Dybala. We all know him - a great player of highest quality and has shown it over the years. But we have six forwards in our squad; Pinamonti has a great future and there is Sanchez. It doesn't seem right to me to talk about the others." Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United, Newcastle preparing to break their transfer record for Moussa Diaby, Bayern Munich's interest in Chelsea target Matthijs de Ligt and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! However, 90min understands that should Chileans Arturo Vidal and Sanchez cancel their contracts at San Siro, then that could pave the way for the Argentine to join  Inter's offer to the forward is the best he has received this summer, and the club have reassured his representatives that a deal is not dead. Despite this, the player's agents are now evaluating other options for their client.  Similar to the Dybala situation, sources have told 90min that Bremer's move to San Siro has also been put on hold due to the Inter waiting for others to move on - namely Milan Skriniar.