Manchester City are reported to have made contact with the entourage of Manchester United outcast Alexis Sanchez, in what would be one of the most surprising transfers in recent times. United famously beat neighbours City to the signing of Sanchez in January 2018, with the Citizens not prepared to match the wages - the highest in the Premier League at around  £400k a week basic - on offer at Old Trafford. Sanchez arrived at the Red Devils to much fanfare but quickly became a spectacular failure, scoring just three Premier League goals in 18 months, while United struggled to keep pace with City and Liverpool. The Chilean was loaned out to Inter for the 2019/20 campaign, where he initially struggled with injuries. However, fit again, the 31-year-old has hit form following the restart and has an impressive seven assists and two goals post-lockdown. With Anthony Martial, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford all in fine form and the club pursuing a big-money deal for Jadon Sancho - United appear to have no appetite to reintegrate their expensive flop next season. Inter, though, are reported to be more keen on the ex-Arsenal star and could table a bid of  £20m to keep him in Milan beyond the summer. Just last week, Inter CEO Beppe Marotta hailed Sanchez as an important player and said that a deal would be 'evaluated' at the end of the season. Curiously, however ,a report in Sanchez's homeland has suggested that the Italians are not the only interested party - with none other than Manchester City sounding out the player's people. La Cuarta (via SportWitness) say that Pep Guardiola is still fan of Sanchez from their time together at Barcelona, while it is said that City have 'made contact' to find out the 'conditions' needed to make a deal for the forward. 7 - Since the return of top European Leagues, only Lionel Messi (9) has provided more assists than Alexis #Sanchez (7). Artist.#RomaInter #SerieA pic.twitter.com/xOmVMkcoP1 The Chilean report adds that City - who have lost forward Leroy Sane already this summer - will have a transfer budget of over  £150m this summer, as they look to hunt down runaway title winners Liverpool next season. While City undoubtedly held an interest in Sanchez two years ago, whether the forward - now the wrong side of 30 and having scored just five goals over the last two seasons - holds the same appeal for the club is questionable. 