Paris Saint-Germain have been linked with another loan bid for out-of-favour Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli, with Jose Mourinho now thought to be open to the idea of him leaving on a temporary basis. Dele hasn't started a Premier League game since a 1-0 defeat to Everton on the opening weekend of the season and has played just 21 minutes in the league since, emerging from the bench in the 6-1 win over Manchester United at the start of October. He has been left out of the Tottenham squad on every other occasion with the vast bulk of his minutes coming in the Europa League. But even then, it's hardly a pretty picture for him - he's started just twice in Europe and was an unused sub for the dead rubber win over Royal Antwerp on Thursday. Jose Mourinho makes all five of his subs, Dele Alli gets up and walks down the tunnel. Could be the end for him at Tottenham. pic.twitter.com/ZHqMOg9Alu As Mourinho's team gets stronger with every passing week, Dele's role grows more and more redundant, and it is being widely reported that PSG will once again try their luck at bringing him in. PSG wanted Dele in the summer but Daniel Levy rejected their advances, feeling he had a role to play. Since then, however, his spot has been occupied by the likes of Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso, who have competed for minutes alongside virtual ever-presents Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Moussa Sissoko.  The BBC report on renewed interest from Les Parisiens and say Dele is 'hugely frustrated' at his role this term. An earlier report from The Mail carries a similar sentiment, adding that Mourinho is 'open' to the idea of offloading Dele - at least for six months.  ? "He is not a happy player, I don't expect him to be happy"Jose Mourinho speaking about Dele Alli's reaction to not coming off the bench against Antwerp pic.twitter.com/T9CWSf0xja Removing a significant chunk of his wages from the books for the remainder of the season could free up funds for Mourinho to add some balance to the squad. 90min understand that a new centre-back is wanted in January, with Sassuolo's Gian Marco Ferrari identified as a potential option. 