Juventus sporting director Fabio Paratici has labelled Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba a    fantastic player   , reigniting speculation the Frenchman could return to his former club. The longer Pogba fails to find a level of consistency at Old Trafford befitting one of the world   s best midfielders, the longer he will be linked with a transfer away. Juventus, where he played between 2012 and 2016 after leaving United the first time, and Real Madrid have been the two clubs most heavily associated with a potential approach. The impact of the coronavirus crisis, combined with United   s hefty asking price, ended the chances of any bids coming in for Pogba ahead of this season, but the market is expected to recover.    Paul Pogba as our target? In this moment he's a Manchester United player, it's difficult to think about transfers,    Paratici told reporters this week, quoted by the Mirror.    We love Pogba, he's a fantastic player but it's too early to talk about our targets for the future.    Even though the Juve official clarified his comments by suggesting it is    too early    to discuss transfer targets for next summer and stressed that Pogba belongs to another club, his declaration that the Serie A champions    love    the 27-year-old has brought with it a fresh wave of frenzied gossip. Pogba recently admitted that it remains a    dream    of his to play for Real Madrid at some point in the future, although at the same time he reiterated his current commitment to United.    We have all heard, things have been said. Yes, all football players would love to play for Real Madrid. It might be a dream. It is a dream for me, why not, one day,    he said last month.    I heard a lot of noise that I was going to leave and that I had to go to clubs on the right to the left. Today I am still at Manchester and I am fighting to try again to bring the club to the highest level,    Pogba also clarified while making those comments.    I have not spoken with Ed Woodward or about a renewal. For now, I am in Manchester and I mainly think about getting back to the best of my form. I think there will be a moment when the club will come and talk to me and maybe offer me something, or not. So far, nothing has happened.    Pogba   s current contract runs until the summer of 2022 after United recently triggered an option to extend it by 12 months from its original expiry date at the end of this season. United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer remains hopeful that a lack of fitness is the fixable root cause of Pogba   s inconsistent form this season after an injury-plagued 2019/20 and a positive test for coronavirus in late August that derailed his pre-season work.