Dutch midfielder Donny van de Beek is not happy with his lack of minutes at Manchester United and is open to the idea of joining Barcelona this summer. A  £35m signing from Ajax last summer, Van de Beek managed 36 appearances in all competitions in his debut season at Old Trafford, but just four of those came as Premier League starts as Bruno Fernandes dominated the 10 spot in the starting lineup. While United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has always insisted that Van de Beek's time will come, it seems as though the Dutchman is done waiting as Sport claim that he has offered himself to Barcelona this summer. Van de Beek is believed to have seen Georginio Wijnaldum snub Barcelona in favour of Paris Saint-Germain and used that to his advantage, reaching out to the Spanish side to let them know he would jump at the chance to join them. It is thought that Van de Beek is unhappy at United and wants an immediate change this summer, with his representatives telling Barcelona that they would happily accept a loan move if a permanent deal was financially out of the question. Unfortunately for Van de Beek, while Barcelona haven't ruled anything out just yet, they are not particularly interested in adding another attack-minded midfielder and would prefer to find someone in Wijnaldum's mould. Man City's Ilkay Gundogan, Roma's Lorenzo Pellegrini and Napoli's Fabian Ruiz have all been named as potential alternatives in the past, with all three happier playing in that deeper central midfield void that it was hoped Wijnaldum would fix. Van de Beek has played there in the past, even playing deeper than Wijnaldum for the Dutch national team at times, but it seems as though Barcelona don't really value his skills on the defensive side of things. For Van de Beek, it seems like another season at United is on the cards, although he could be allowed to leave if United can find the right replacement for him this summer. They are on the lookout for a central midfielder, although defensive players like West Ham's Declan Rice are thought to be the club's preference.