Manchester United and Newcastle United had scouts in attendance to watch Benjamin Sesko at the weekend as the two clubs continue their interest in the Slovenian striker, 90min understands. Sesko, currently of RB Salzburg, scored in a 2-0 away win for his side over Sturm Graz, their closest rivals for the championship in the Austrian Bundesliga, and has hit eight goals in his last seven league appearances. Only turning 20 on May 31, Sesko has been on the radar of a number of European giants - including the two Premier League clubs - for a number of months, though he is scheduled to join Salzburg's sister club RB Leipzig at the end of the season. A    24m deal was agreed in 2022 between the two clubs, at a below market rate due to their relationship. As 90min reported in October, that hasn't stopped some of the continent's biggest clubs from exploring the possibility of a deal before the start of the 2023/24 season. Leipzig stand to make a handsome profit on the    24m they have committed to sign Sesko even before he kicks a ball for the club due to the interest being shown in him if they decide to negotiate. The benefit in exchange for the potential buyer would be paying a more affordable price before Sesko develops into what many in the game consider to be one of the next leading strikers in Europe. His career path and frame have led to inevitable comparisons with Erling Haaland, who himself came through the Red Bull system and played for Salzburg. Sesko is one of several striking options considered by Erik ten Hag's United and Eddie Howe's Magpies, as they look to strengthen upon potential returns to the Champions League next season. feed Newcastle are looking for a new striker as 90min understands Callum Wilson, who is looking for regular first team football, could potentially leave St. James' Park in the summer. Alexander Isak has hit form in recent weeks and will continue to play his part, but Newcastle are planning to slowly build a squad capable of competing at the top of the Premier League and in Europe in seasons to come. United, meanwhile, are very publicly in the market for a new centre forward, with interest in Tottenham's Harry Kane and Napoli's Victor Osimhen established and well-documented. Both players however would demand significant transfer fees to acquire, so United are monitoring strikers who fit into two different brackets as it stands. Kane and Osimhen, along with Dusan Vlahovic and Lautaro Martinez, of Juventus and Inter respectively, are considered more expensive options considered "ready to go" and able to nail down the centre forward role from the start of next season. Kane and Osimhen in particular are considered difficult deals to do, but are being explored. The second bracket of striker is filled with younger options, or "project players", with potentially cheaper transfer fees but room for improvement. Sesko fits into that category, while Ajax's Mohammed Kudus, who 90min reported United hold interest in in January, is still being considered. Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund, Benfica's Goncalo Ramos and Feyenoord's Santiago Gimenez also feature. United are exploring their options at present and pondering how to proceed, with central midfield, centre half and goalkeeper among the positions they are also looking at strengthening before next season.