Manchester City are hoping to beat Liverpool to the signing of Arsenal star Bukayo Saka, though neither side are expected to make a move for the England international this summer. Once an extension clause is activated, Saka's contract will run until 2024, but Gunners chiefs are hoping to tie the 20-year-old down to fresh terms. Robert Lewandowski has admitted that he wants to join Barcelona in the next few months, revealing that "something inside me is dead" at Bayern Munich. Mohamed Salah had informed his inner circle that he was willing to sign a new contract at Liverpool until Barcelona informed him they would like to sign him as a free agent next year. Chelsea are looking into the possibility of signing Matthijs de Ligt after he refused to commit his future to Juventus. However, Jules Kounde remains the Blues' top defensive target. Real Madrid are hoping to beat Arsenal and rivals Atletico Madrid to the signing of Gabriel Jesus. The Brazil forward is still deliberating over Man City's latest contract offer. However, Los Blancos are not thought to be targeting Serge Gnabry this window. Juventus remain confident that a deal to re-sign Paul Pogba is only a formality, while they hope Angel Di Maria will spurn interest from Barcelona and also head to Turin. Tottenham are continuing to monitor John McGinn and James Ward-Prowse as managing director of football Fabio Paratici looks to beef up Antonio Conte's midfield with experience. Spurs are standing firm on their valuation of Steven Bergwijn as Ajax continue to low-ball them with their bids. Tottenham want at least    30m for the winger, and the Dutch champions could be beaten to his signature by interested Premier League clubs. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Sadio Mane has asked Liverpool teammate Thiago whether he could stay at his house in Bavaria should a move to Bayern Munich be completed in the coming weeks. Newcastle's summer rebuild is proving difficult to progress with after they backed out of plans to sign Dean Henderson, while deals to bring in Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Nathan Ake are stalling. The Magpies are pushing ahead with moves for Moussa Diaby and Ismalila Sarr, but long-term target Sven Botman is still keen on heading to Milan instead.