90min  rounds up the Barcelona transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world over the past week... Barcelona would prefer to replace the outgoing Sergio Busquets with Real Sociedad midfielder Martin Zubimendi, but have been offered the chance to sign N'Golo Kante from Chelsea. (Gerard Romero) Talks are advancing with Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan over a summer free transfer. Pep Guardiola wants to keep the 32-year-old in England with the offer of a two-year contract, but the German may look for a new challenge after winning the Premier League five times over the past six seasons. (Matteo Moretto) Xavi admits that Barcelona's attempts to re-sign Lionel Messi are 'up in the air', and that it all depends on whether not the Argentine wants to return to the club. He is definitely leaving Paris Saint-Germain this summer but has attracted interest from Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal, who have the financial muscle to offer a huge contract. Read the full story here. Jules Kounde has denied rumours that he wants to leave Barcelona this summer, tweeting: "To be 100% clear, I've never asked to leave Barcelona and I'm not gonna leave the club. I'm not going anywhere." Bayern Munich midfielder Joshua Kimmich does not intend to leave the club this summer and has not been in contact with Barcelona over a potential move. (Florian Pettenberg, Sky Germany) Bayer Leverkusen may look to tempt Barcelona into selling young winger Ez Abde (also known as Abde Ezzalzouli), who has been on loan at Osasuna during the 2022/23 season. (Santi Aouna) Ruben Neves is waiting for Barcelona to make an offer for him this summer. The Portuguese midfielder may finally leaves Wolves, who may need to sell some of their prized assets to comply with Financial Fair Play regulations, and would prefer to head to Camp Nou over a move to Arsenal. (Mundo Deportivo) Neves' agent Jorge Mendes has already agreed personal terms with Barcelona, and there's a chance a deal could involve Ansu Fati heading the other way. (SPORT) 