Chelsea are open to selling Conor Gallagher this summer, 90min understands, but will only do business if interested parties are prepared to meet their valuation. The 23-year-old featured in 35 Premier League games for Chelsea last season, scoring three goals, but failed to command a regular starting place under any of the club's three managers - Thomas Tuchel, Graham Potter or Frank Lampard. The Blues have let an abundance of central midfielders leave this summer as the Mauricio Pochettino era gets underway, with Mason Mount, N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic among those to depart. Ruben Loftus-Cheek has also left Chelsea to join AC Milan, in the hope of earning more regular starting time, both in Serie A and in Europe. Chelsea have shown great interest in signing Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo over the past few months - a player valued by the Seagulls at around  £100m - and sources have confirmed to 90min that the Blues, despite their lack of options, would be open to letting Gallagher leave were an acceptable offer to come in. feed West Ham United have made an enquiry about Gallagher's potential price tag and have verbally indicated a price they would be willing to pay - 90min understands that reports of a formal  £40m offer being put in are wide of the mark. Chelsea would be prepared to sell Gallagher if they were to receive an offer around  £50m, though Pochettino remains open to the player staying at Stamford Bridge to fight for his place. Gallagher for his part is concerned about his opportunities at the club long-term and is willing to explore a move away. London rivals Tottenham are maintaining an interest in Gallagher's situation, while Brighton, who will compete in this season's Europa League, previously held talks over a potential move this summer but were put off by the five-time Premier League champions' valuation. Gallagher is one of a number of players being targeted by West Ham, who have money to spend after persuading Arsenal to part with a British-record  £105m to sign captain Declan Rice. Scott McTominay and James Ward-Prowse are other homegrown targets of David Moyes, while new technical director Tim Steidten is busy scouring Europe looking for more affordable options.