Manchester City playmaker David Silva has no intention of reversing his decision to leave the club this summer, despite pressure from his teammates to reconsider. The 34-year-old has spent the past decade at the Etihad Stadium, becoming a legendary figure in the north west after leading City to four Premier League titles, two FA Cups and five League Cup triumphs in a trophy-laden spell. I   m gonna miss this team ? pic.twitter.com/yPVpHS2Viv But he revealed last summer that the 2019/20 season would be his last at the club, claiming the expiry of his current contract would be the 'perfect time' to end his career in England. Since then, many have called for Silva to make a U-turn, with his performances this season proving that he's still capable of mixing it with the Premier League's best. But the Telegraph note that despite pleas from his teammates - and John Stones, specifically - to change his mind, the Spaniard is still intent on leaving this summer as planned. The former Everton defender revealed:    I   ve tried to persuade him to stay but he   s not having any of it. He   ll be sadly missed by the fans and everyone in the dressing room. "It   s great to see him still doing it, which is what he   s always done since coming to the Premier League." The Premier League is going to miss David Silva. Beautiful free-kick. pic.twitter.com/pFxX4PU4n3 Silva played a starring role in Wednesday   s 5-0 demolition of Newcastle, scoring a delightful free-kick, as well as notching up two assists. His latest star turn was the perfect reminder of why Pep Guardiola continues to pick him on a regular basis, despite his advancing years. As yet, his next destination is unknown - but media speculation has suggested that a lucrative move to Qatar could be on the cards, as well a move to MLS.  Silva still has to plenty play for between now and the end of the season, with Manchester City looking to break their duck in Europe by claiming a maiden Champions League win. Success in the competition would be the perfect send off for the former Valencia star, with Stones noting that the players will push hard to delivering their usual high standards.