Samba, carnivals, rainforests, producing the most sought after and technically-gifted youngsters in the world. Nobody does it quite like Brazil.  And the five-time World Cup winners have produced yet another teenage sensation who is being lined up by Europe's biggest clubs. The newest world-beating star in the making goes by the name of Kayky. The 17-year old has officially been snapped up by Manchester City, for a fee that reports claim could rise to  £21.5m, and could be in England after he turns 18 on 11 June this summer. But who is he? Well, here's what you need to know about Kayky... A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) As well as representing Brazil at Under-16 level, Kayky has featured for Fluminense's famous youth teams, following in the footsteps of players like Marcelo and Fabinho. Despite the club previously having so many talented footballers come up through their ranks, the current crop are being heralded as the "Dream Generation", of which Kayky is the shining light.High praise indeed. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) The 17-year old has managed a few titles during his time with the Fluminense academy teams. But, most impressive was helping the Under-17 side to securing the Brazilian title last season - testament to the quality of Fluminense's current young stars.  A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) The 17-year old is blessed with fantastic skill, a great touch, pace and the ability to drive directly at his opposition. He plays on the right hand-side for Fluminense, but his ability to move elegantly up the field with flair and find teammates or grab a goal himself has drawn comparisons to Neymar.As you can see above, the 17-year old has trickery and natural ability in abundance. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) What is more impressive than his playmaking abilities is his capability to find the back of the net.Kayky finished as the Under-17 Brazilian top flight's top scorer last campaign, bagging 12 goals from right wing to help secure the title. His intelligence and awareness of the game allows him to find space and scoring opportunities close to goal but he can also score the kind of goal that gets you out of your seat and send Latin American commentators into overdrive - as seen above. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) Speaking to Goal, Kayky's coach Guilherme Torres said that: "he has a winning, competitive mentality, which is important for a high-level player. His resilience has grown as he has matured, and he is learning how to deal with adversity."There is no doubt a player with a strong, winning mindset belongs to a side like Manchester City but his resilience will be crucial should he succeed at the club and adapt to English football. And everything suggests that he can. A post shared by kayky chagas (@kaykysc10) At just eight years old, Kayky was rejected by his current club after a trial.However, with the support of his father, the Brazilian went on to join the team at the Mangueira Samba School.But, Kayky was eventually brought into the Fluminense set up when scouts came across him once more in a game that Mangueira actually lost. Kayky was so good, though, that he was instantly enrolled into the club's academy system - better late than never. 