Manchester United are unlikely to repeat last January   s capture of a high-profile signing like Bruno Fernandes, but that doesn   t mean the winter transfer window has to be a quiet one. There is still plenty to be done at Old Trafford next month, including streamlining future recruitment plans, identifying younger talent and stripping out the remaining deadwood. The Red Devils have battled into a good position ahead of the New Year, and the right bits of business could see them apply sustained pressure on table-topping Liverpool. Here   s a look at six moves the club needs to make in January... No messing around, let Odion Ighalo   s loan deal expire and watch him return to parent club Shanghai Shenhua. United extended the deal in summer until 31 January 2021, but in hindsight it wasn   t a necessary expense given his lack of involvement this season.Ighalo has only started in the Carabao Cup so far this campaign, has played just nine minutes of Premier League football and hasn   t been in a Premier League squad at all since October. He served a very brief purpose last February and early March but has been replaced by Edinson Cavani. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has already cut plenty of deadwood from the disjointed squad he inherited, but some still remains and United could do with ending the January transfer window without Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo still at the club and on the wage bill.Rojo left on loan for boyhood club Estudiantes this time last year, but that lasted just a single game because of injury and the coronavirus pandemic. He hasn   t played for United   s first-team since November 2019 and his only action this season has been 45 minutes at Under-23 level.Jones has been nursing an ongoing injury problem this season but is similarly out of favour. His last appearance in any competition came at the start of the calendar year and he wasn   t in the squad at all during    Project Restart    over the summer.Despite a complete lack of action and a poor fitness record, 90min revealed earlier this month that Newcastle, Leicester, West Ham, Crystal Palace, Sheffield United, Burnley, Southampton and Celtic have all been showing interest in Jones, who was in England   s 2018 World Cup squad. From making 36 appearances in a breakthrough season in 2019/20, homegrown full-back Brandon Williams has played only seven times so far in 2020/21.Competition for places is tough with the October arrival of Alex Telles and Luke Shaw back fit on the left, while Aaron Wan-Bissaka is virtually undroppable on the right. So it might be better for Williams    development if he can move somewhere he can play more regularly in January.Bayer Leverkusen are rumoured to be interested in a permanent deal, while it has been reported more than once that Southampton are monitoring the 20-year-old.Severing ties with Williams altogether at this stage would be amiss and it is thought that United would only be willing to sanction a loan move. United agreed a deal in principle to sign Amad Diallo from Atalanta back in October, mainly dependent on the Ivorian-born teenager successfully securing a work permit to make the move.Raised in Italy since childhood, Diallo secured an Italian passport and citizenship recently that should make the process more straightforward. But United, who are prepared to invest around  £37m including add-ons to sign him, must get the final paperwork completed. As a general rule, January isn   t the time for major first-team signings, with Bruno Fernandes a rare exception to that in terms of both price and impact.But it can provide an opportunity to bring in young talent for the future. United agreed a deal potentially rising to    10m for Hannibal Mejbri, then 16, in January 2019 and are now thought to be close to signing 19-year-old Ecuador midfielder Moises Caicedo.The Independiente del Valle talent could cost as little    4.9m and is already one of his national side   s most important players. United would be able to develop him and others like him for the long-term and reduce major spending further down the road by promoting from within.