Chelsea defender Levi Colwill is adamant he must be playing regular club football as he targets a place in England's senior squad. Colwill was a key member of England's U21's side that beat Spain in the UEFA U21 European Championship final on Sunday, playing the full 90 minutes as Lee Carsley's side edged over the line thanks to goalkeeper James Trafford's sensational penalty save in stoppage-time. The 20-year-old was also one of the breakout stars of the 2022/23 Premier League season, becoming a regular under Roberto De Zerbi during a successful loan spell at Brighton and Hove Albion.  90min recently revealed that despite Brighton's willingness to spend a club record  £40m to sign Colwill on a permanent deal, Chelsea are unwilling to sanction a move and want to see how he performs under Mauricio Pochettino in pre-season before making a final decision. Liverpool have also been linked to Colwill, amid uncertainty around Joel Matip's long-term future at Anfield, but sources have confirmed to 90min that the Reds are acutely aware that a transfer is almost certainly off the table. feed With Colwill's stock high, there have been suggestions that Gareth Southgate will look to make him a regular fixture in England's senior squad this season. And that's something the defender has admitted is a target of his, though he was quick to conclude that he must be playing regular games in order to make it happen. "We   re all pushing and knocking on the door,    Colwill said, in quoted relayed by the Mail. "Everyone has to pay attention to every player here. I feel like this team we had was more than just individuals. In the past England might have lacked with that. We   ve always had great players but I think this team is so much different. I love this team. "I   ll speak to my family, speak to everyone I need to and make a decision. I   ve got to play at the end of the day, to hopefully get there and go to the next [senior] camp. "But if I   m here, I   ll still be happy. You   ve always got to be happy when you   re picked for any England age group. It   s an honour." Colwill recently received his first England senior call-up ahead of the Euro 2024 qualifiers against Malta and North Macedonia, but failed to make an appearance in either game.