90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona could offer longstanding Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong to fierce rivals Manchester City as a way to finally sign Bernardo Silva. (Mirror) Paris Saint-Germain will make a formal approach for Harry Kane, but only if they can be sure that he is definitely prepared to leave Tottenham. (Times) Tottenham are rumoured to be exploring the possibility of signing Dusan Vlahovic amid Kane   s uncertain future. (Rudy Galetti) The Glazer family could be forced to approve a deal for Manchester United target Rasmus Hojlund if a failure to sign a new    number nine    adversely affects the club   s overall value in their efforts to sell and command the biggest price possible. (Express) Barcelona are rumoured to be in talks to sign Manchester United full-back Marc Jurado. (Sun) Real Madrid are seeking to raise    25m from the sales of various Castilla players - Sergio Arribas, Rafa Marin, Carlos Dotor, Alvaro Martin, Marvin Park, Antonio Blanco, Bruno Iglesias and Julen Jon Guerrero. (Marca) Everton will ask  £70m for Jordan Pickford to deter a Manchester United bid. (Star) Jordan Henderson has agreed personal terms with Al-Ettifaq over a lucrative move to Saudi Arabia, but Liverpool are yet to agree a transfer fee. (Fabrizio Romano) Brighton expect to include Chelsea target Moises Caicedo in their pre-season tour squad on Monday. (Mail) Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is willing to lower his wages in order to seal a transfer from Chelsea to Marseille. (Goal) Inter have decided against a move for Romelu Lukaku and are interested in Arsenal talent Folarin Balogun instead. (Sky Sport Italia) Juventus or a Saudi Pro League club are now considered Romelu Lukaku   s most likely destinations. (Fabrizio Romano) Juventus are also said to be pursuing Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie. (Fabrizio Romano) manual Tottenham are interested in Crystal Palace defender Joachim Andersen. (Sun) West Ham are targeting a loan deal for out of favour Manchester United captain Harry Maguire. (Telegraph) Newcastle are said to have offered a club record    95m for Napoli winger Khvicha Kvaratskhelia. (Corriere dello Sport) Ex-Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea is linked with Sevilla in case current number one Yassine Bounou joins Bayern Munich or Paris Saint-Germain. (Fichajes) Leicester are hoping to take youngster Cesare Casadei on loan from Chelsea in the Championship this coming season. (Telegraph) Wolves are preparing to offer  £20m for Bristol City midfielder Alex Scott. (Telegraph) Newly promoted Sheffield United are considering a move for veteran Jonjo Shelvey. (Sun) Jonny Evans is a free agent and wanted at Celtic by ex-Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers (Scottish Sun)