Real Madrid are prepared to end their pursuit of Sevilla goalkeeper Yassine Bounou after seeing his asking price raised, 90min understands, with Chelsea's Kepa Arrizabalaga now among the club's top targets. Madrid lost usual starter Thibaut Courtois to an ACL injury earlier this week, with the Belgian stopper set to spend the majority of the coming campaign on the sidelines as a result. Sevilla's Yassine Bounou was initially targeted as a replacement after an asking price of    20m ( £17.3m) was quoted, but sources have confirmed to 90min that Sevilla are now demanding upwards of    30m (25.9m) and Madrid are prepared to walk away as a result. Club officials have drawn up a long list of potential targets, including former Manchester United star David de Gea, but further contact has been made with Kepa as Madrid seek to explore all their options. Kepa has been targeted by Bayern Munich this week as the German side seek to replace their own injured goalkeeper, Manuel Neuer, but Madrid are now exploring a rival bid for the Chelsea man. feed Chelsea have already been active in the goalkeeper market this summer, selling Edouard Mendy to Al Ahli and replacing him with Robert Sanchez of Brighton, but the interest in Kepa has seen them reignite their search for a new stopper. Long-term target Giorgi Mamardashvili of Valencia remains on Chelsea's wish list, while the Blues are also known to have considered their own move for De Gea, who is available as a free agent following his departure from United. Porto's Diogo Costa has plenty of admirers at Stamford Bridge but is understood to be too expensive for the Blues, who are locked in talks over a double deal for Brighton's Moises Caicedo and Southampton's Romeo Lavia that could cost in excess of  £160m. Madrid are relaxed about their quest for a new stopper, believing there are plenty of options available to them. Leeds United's Illan Meslier has also been added to the shortlist as the Spanish side continue their search. Publicly, manager Carlo Ancelotti has put his faith in usual deputy Andriy Lunin, who is expected to start in goal for Madrid against Athletic Club on Saturday, but a move for a new goalkeeper is expected to be made soon enough.