Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham is not interested in discussing a new contract with the Blues while they continue to pursue Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland. 90min revealed in December that Chelsea had registered their interest with the Norway international, shortly before a report emerged suggesting owner Roman Abramovich was prepared to break the club's transfer record to land Haaland this summer. With Chelsea clearly keen on a new long-term striker, Abraham's future remains up in the air. He has two-and-a-half years remaining on his current contract, and according to The Athletic, he is less than impressed by the links to Haaland. Abraham wants to be the starting striker for both club and country and fears that a blockbuster move for Haaland would effectively make that dream impossible if he stayed at Chelsea, so he is not entertaining the idea of signing an extension right now. Concerns over his immediate future under Thomas Tuchel won't exactly be helping the situation. Abraham has started three Premier League games under the new boss, but was hooked at half-time in two of those and forced off with an early injury in the third. His only goal under Tuchel so far came in the FA Cup victory over Barnsley, whereas Olivier Giroud has two and was the man trusted to tackle Atletico Madrid in the Champions League - a decision which was justified by the Frenchman's stunning winner. ?? UNREAL ??Enjoy ???? Olivier Giroud goal again...? From every single angle! pic.twitter.com/yMxCvG37dG Giroud will be out of contract at the end of the season, although he is thought to be open to the idea of staying at Stamford Bridge as long as he sees regular minutes. If Chelsea sign Haaland, Giroud may be forced to look elsewhere as well. However, it's a big if. Manchester City are hot on Haaland's tail and sources have confirmed to 90min that they are contemplating a double swoop for the striker and team mate Giovanni Reyna, but interest from Real Madrid and Manchester United remains. The Manchester Evening News claim to have heard from Norwegian sources that the race for Haaland is a three-way tie between Chelsea, City and Real, with United's rocky relationship with agent Mino Raiola not helping their case. Eurosport's Dean Jones even went one step further recently by stating that Chelsea are growing confident of winning the race for the striker's signature after putting in work to convince Haaland that Stamford Bridge is the place to be.