The transfer window isn't often an exciting time to be a Tottenham Hotspur fan. Aside from that one summer when they sold Gareth Bale and replaced him with about 94 different players, Daniel Levy tends to keep his wallet closed. However, that all changed this summer, with the Lilywhites attracting a vast array of talent to north London without having to sell anyone of note. It remains to be seen how this will impact their performances, but early season form suggests they should improve on last season's sixth-placed finish. Signed From: Real Madrid (Loan) Grade: A- The former White Hart Lane hero excited fans of the Premier League by announcing his return to English football with Tottenham on loan. The Welshman was a superstar at Spurs several seasons ago. However, he has lost his way in recent years. A chequered injury record, astronomical wages, and fallouts with those at Real Madrid led to Bale becoming an unpopular figure at the Bernabeu. Nonetheless, everyone knows what he can do when he's in the mood. If Jose Mourinho can get the 31-year-old fit and firing, he could reproduce the form that saw him become the world's most expensive player in the first place. It's a relatively low risk, possibly high reward signing.  Signed From: Real Madrid ( £25m) Grade: A Danny Rose was out of favour and Ben Davies just wasn't cutting it, so the addition of Spanish left back Reguilon was a highly necessary one. Reguilon enjoyed a very promising spell in La Liga and has made a bright start to life in England. Aged just 23, it looks like Spurs have picked themselves up a bargain for the former Sevilla loanee. The one drawback from this seemingly incredible deal is the inclusion of a buy-back clause in his contract. So if the Spaniard performs to the best of his abilities, he'll likely return to Los Blancos. Signed From: Wolverhampton Wanderers ( £15m) Grade: B During the last two years at Wolves, Doherty proved himself as one of the most productive full backs in the division, scoring eight and assisting as many. Looking for an upgrade on the wildly inconsistent Serge Aurier, Mourinho brought the Irishman to north London for a reasonable fee. His start at Tottenham has been okay, but there is room for improvement. However, at 28 years old, maybe the Lilywhites would've been better off going for a more long-term option. Signed From: Southampton ( £15m) Grade: A Southampton's Hojbjerg wasn't exactly the marquee signing that Spurs fans would have dreamed of, and a nightmare debut against Everton hardly helped quell any concerns. However, the Dane has since bounced back with several impressive displays in central midfield. Mourinho needed a holding midfielder, and the former Bayern Munich man ranked highly in a number of last season's defensive statistics. He's young, cheap, and a potentially vital piece of the jigsaw. Signed From: Benfica (Loan) Grade: B+ Lucas Moura, Son Heung-min, Steven Bergwijn, Dele Alli - these are all players who have been shoehorned up front in Harry Kane's absence due to Tottenham's lack of natural strikers. This season, however, the north Londoners won't have to put a square peg in a round hole should their talisman get injured, because they've finally brought in a striker.  Aside from one underwhelming spell at Monaco, Carlos Vinicius has a good goal record, most recently netting 18 goals in 32 appearances for Benfica. The Brazilian seems like competent back-up to the injury-prone Kane. Once his loan expires, Spurs will have to decide whether or not to make the move permanent. Signed From: Free Agent Grade: C- It's strange what happened to Joe Hart. Once one of the world's most reliable goalkeepers, the Englishman seemingly got Space Jam'd and had his talent robbed from him. A calamitous Euro 2016 and the arrival of Pep Guardiola put the former Manchester City stopper into constant decline. He's been signed more for his experience than his current ability, though he has already nudged himself of Paulo Gazzaniga in the pecking order by playing in two of Tottenham's Europa League qualifiers. We'll have to wait and see how much game time he'll get this season. Transferred To: Southampton ( £12m) Grade: B+ Walker-Peters was unlikely to get regular minutes at Tottenham and Southampton needed a right back, so this deal seems to be best for all parties involved. His sale also played an important part in bringing Hojbjerg to Spurs. However, being several years younger than Serge Aurier and Matt Doherty, one wonders whether Walker-Peters still could have had a future at the north Londoners. He had chances but was never given a prolonged run in the team and should have been sent out on loan earlier in his career. Transferred To: Benfica (Free) Grade: B- Vertonghen spent eight years at Tottenham, becoming a fan favourite in the process. However, at 33 years of age, the Belgian's best days were behind him, so maybe it was the right time to move on.  The concern for Spurs won't be Vertonghen's departure, but the lack of a replacement. The Lilywhites now only have Toby Alderweireld, Davinson Sanchez, and Eric Dier available as experienced centre backs. A couple of injuries could see them regretting the defender's exit. Transferred To: Villarreal (Loan) Grade: B Foyth clearly isn't rated very highly by Jose Mourinho. Being a young player, it's important to his development to get regular minutes. However, as mentioned above, Spurs are light at the heart of defence, so maybe he should've been kept around for another year. Transferred To: Norwich City (Loan)Grade: B Much like Foyth, Skipp will need playing time if he wishes to develop, which he wouldn't have got this season at Tottenham. If he impresses, he could earn his way into Mourinho's plans. He needs a big year to avoid becoming another Ryan Mason and Alex Pritchard, but the early signs from his loan move to Norwich look good. Transferred To: Hoffenheim (Loan)Grade: B- Sessegnon burst onto the scene as a 17-year-old, winning the Championship PFA Player of the Year award at Fulham in 2018. This form earned him a big-money move to Tottenham just over a year later. Since then, he's made just six league appearances and has now gone on loan to Bundesliga side Hoffenheim in search of playing time. Sessegnon is still only 20 years old, so it's not time to give up on him just yet. Though loaning out your club's seventh most expensive player of all time makes the signing seem questionable to say the least. Tottenham Hotspur's Overall Transfer Grade - Summer 2020: A- Overall, most can agree that Spurs have had a strong transfer window. The Lilywhites have signed a number of top flight proven players and haven't had to break the bank to bring them in.  The arrivals of Doherty, Reguilon, and Hojbjerg bolster positions which were in desperate need of strengthening, while Vinicius is the back-up to Kane that Tottenham have been missing. Not to mention the hype of Gareth Bale's return. 