Donny van de Beek has sunk into the abyss at Manchester United and the arrival of Mason Mount has further obscured his pathway to first team minutes. The former Ajax star was set to earn a new lease of life at Old Trafford following the arrival of Erik ten Hag, his former boss in Amsterdam, last summer. However, injuries and Bruno Fernandes' significance meant Van de Beek embarked on yet another underwhelming campaign for the Red Devils. The Dutchman was limited to 163 minutes in seven Premier League appearances as Ten Hag struggled to find a role for the astute midfielder. With his career at a crossroads, Van de Beek is expected to leave United this summer with the Red Devils keen to oversee a permanent sale. Here are five feasible options for the midfielder as a whole host of clubs take an interest in acquiring the 26-year-old. Sevilla's 2022/23 season ended with their annual Europa League success and they'll want to carry on that momentum into their 2023/24 domestic campaign.The arrival of Jose Luis Mendilibar as manager sparked a pretty drastic upsurge following the instability facilitated by Jorge Sampaoli.Mendilibar settled upon a 4-2-3-1 following his appointment, with Oliver Torres and Papu Gomez operating as the new manager's magic man between the lines. Van de Beek's best football at Ajax came in a #10 role under Ten Hag and Sevilla could purchase the Dutchman as a potential replacement for 35-year-old Gomez. A return to familiar surroundings may be in store for Van de Beek. The crafty midfielder rose to prominence in the Dutch capital operating as Ten Hag's canny space interpreter who always found himself in the right place at the right time. He played a somewhat unsung role amid Ajax's stellar 2018/19 season with others being thrust into the limelight, but he still earned a big move to United off the back of his Ajax majesty.The 26-year-old has failed to acclimatise to life in the Premier League and will undoubtedly be tempted by his former home this summer. Ajax aren't the exceptional outfit of the Ten Hag era, but Van de Beek will feel at ease at the Johan Cruyff Arena. feed He couldn't, could he?There isn't a fiercer rivalry in Dutch football than De Klassieker contested between the country's two most successful sides: Ajax and Feyenoord. Nevertheless, a whole host of players, including Johan Cruyff and Ronald Koeman, have crossed the divide over the years.Could Van de Beek be next?From a stylistic and tactical perspective, a move to Feyenoord would perhaps make more sense than a return to Ajax this summer. The exit of Orkun Kokcu to Benfica means Arne Slot needs a midfielder of Van de Beek's mould. While his best work has often come in a more advanced role, Slot could perhaps evolve VDB into a tireless double-pivot performer as he did with Kokcu. Nice put together one of the most bizarre squads Europe had to offer last season and that's why they should be considered a serious contender for Van de Beek's signature.The French club's transfer policy of signing Premier League outcasts saw Ross Barkley and Nicolas Pepe join the likes of Dante and Aaron Ramsey in the south of France, although this bunch were outshone by the club's impressive youth cohort.There appear to be superior stylistic fits for VDB this summer, but Nice must be considered as a legitimate option. A move may depend on Khephren Thuram's future. Crystal Palace are one of three Premier League clubs keen on signing Van de Beek this summer and certainly a much better fit than either Wolves or Nottingham Forest.Pragmatist Julen Lopetegui hasn't exactly been an appreciator of Van de Beek profiles in the past, while Forest are well-stocked in terms of creative midfielders.Palace, though, could be a fun environment for VDB in the Premier League. Roy Hodgson helped restore the good vibes at Selhurst Park by given his forward-thinking players plenty of freedom. Michael Olise and Eberechi Eze shone down the stretch as a result and Van de Beek would surely benefit from such relaxed but smart coaching.