Following Juventus' surprise exit from the Champions League this weak, reports are gaining traction over Cristiano Ronaldo's future, with PSG supposedly considering a summer move. A return to Real Madrid isn't being ruled out either, with Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes 'holding talks' with his former side.  Ronaldo was recruited by Juve in 2018 with the end goal of winning the Champions League in mind, but that hasn't worked. At all.  For the first time in 16 years, neither Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi will be in he Champions League quarter-finals.Is this the beginning of the end? ? pic.twitter.com/TSmhGhfhmD Ronaldo's Juve have failed to advance beyond the quarter-final stage in any of their three cracks at the whip, and they were just eliminated by Porto, who dramatically advanced on away goals.  It came amid a difficult season for Andrea Pirlo's team, as even the Serie A title threatens to get away from them this season, and it all seems to have compounded Ronaldo's frustrations. As things stand the player's mammoth contract (reportedly worth over  £500k a week) expires in 2022, and with no new deal on the immediate horizon, it leaves Juventus considering their options, with their own financial situation further impacted by the pandemic.  ???? ???? ????! ?   ????? #forzajuve #championsleague pic.twitter.com/By50J1GG28 Previous reports have suggested that Juve are open to offloading Ronaldo, whose wages dwarf those of his teammates. Last years, it was revealed that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner earns four times that of the second highest paid player at the club, Matthijs de Ligt. If Ronaldo and Juventus do intend to part ways, there could be options on the table. The first comes from Paris, as Les Parisien go into detail on PSG's longstanding interest. They have eyes on European glory of their own, having just eliminated Lionel Messi's Barcelona in the last round,  and believe Ronaldo could join Neymar and Kylian Mbappe in some sort of tri-generational attacking dynasty.  Central to that is agent Mendes' relationship with PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi: who Le Parisien say have 'a great love', so much so that they regularly send video messages wishing one another good morning. Careful you're not sick in your mouth.  But a return to Madrid isn't off the table either. 