Porto goalkeeper Diogo Costa has been offered to a number of suitors across the Premier League, 90min understands, with Chelsea and Manchester United among those contacted. Costa is seen as one of the game's top young goalkeepers and has long been watched by Europe's elite, many of whom are considering stepping up their pursuit this summer. Chelsea and United are both in the market for goalkeepers this summer - the Blues have agreed to sell Edouard Mendy to Al Ahli and are now looking for an alternative to Kepa Arrizabalaga, while the Red Devils are considering moving on from David de Gea, who is out of contract at the end of June, after months of negotiating a new deal. 90min revealed on Tuesday that United had reneged on a previous agreement with De Gea, which included a dramatic reduction in the Spaniard's wages, and there's now every chance that he'll leave Old Trafford once his current deal ends. Costa is a player admired by Chelsea and United and sources have confirmed to 90min that Porto have offered the 23-year-old to both amid continued uncertainty over their ability to comply with Financial Fair Play (FFP) regulations. feed 90min revealed in March that Porto were aware of their financial difficulties - it's estimated that they need to raise  £45m by June 30 - and the easiest way to receive significant funds would be to cash in on Costa. The Portugal international's contract contains a release clause worth around  £65m, but Porto's need to do a deal could be scuppered by Chelsea and United having alternative targets. Chelsea have a long-standing interest in Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana, although they have concerns over his price tag, while AC Milan's Mike Maignan is another similarly expensive target. Valencia's Giorgi Mamardashvil has admirers at Stamford Bridge too, and would likely represent better value for money should the Blues choose to act. United are also in the mix for Onana and have held talks with Inter, while Brentford's David Raya is seen as a cheaper alternative despite Brentford's insistance that a deal for the 27-year-old will cost  £40m. Onana appears to be Erik ten Hag's preferred choice at this time, however - the pair worked together at Ajax and the United boss has previously labelled him as a "masterful goalkeeper".