Mason Mount has been one of the most talked about footballers heading into the 2023 summer transfer window. With just one year left on his current contract, Mount has been linked with basically every single football you could possibly name.   Man Utd? Yep. Liverpool? Of course. Bayern Munich? Why the hell not! And while the rumour mill runs wild (brotha) we at 90min decided that it was as good a time as any to rank the England international's potential destinations this summer: manual Beating the other gigantic teams on this list to Mount's signature would be one hell of a coup for the nouveau riche Newcastle United.UEFA Champions League football could be a lure as it's something that his current club can't offer, but ultimately, this would still feel like a half-step back rather than any size of step forward.Maybe a few years time things will be different.Fit? 3/10 Fed up with not winning trophies for a few seasons, Mount? Well we've got the team for you! While a move to Bayern will guarantee winners' medals however, it possibly won't guarantee not game time. It's hard to imagine Mount displacing the quite brilliant Jamal Musiala in the FC Hollywood starting XI. Musiala is younger and, well, you know, better. Fit? 4/10 Mount is seemingly one of three midfield options for Man Utd this summer. The other two are Adrien Rabiot and Declan Rice. Rice fits Man Utd's needs for a box-to-box midfielder much more seamlessly, while Rabiot - amazingly - is in outrageously good form and currently looks like a better footballer than Mount. It's a weird world, it really is. Fit? 6/10  A move from Chelsea to Arsenal would be a rather controversial one to make. In a footballing sense, it does scan though. Arsenal are in need of an extra bit of athleticism in the middle of the park, and Mount would provide that in spades. He'd also provide some cover out wide for Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli when needed. If it didn't mean he'd be moving to a rival then Arsenal would perhaps be top of this list.Fit? 7/10  Despite all of the rumours, there is a world in which Mount stays at Chelsea. And in this world, Mount is playing under Mauricio Pochettino and all is probably gravy. Fit? 8/10  Sure, it'd be fun for Mount to work with Pochettino. But there's no doubt that working with Jurgen Klopp would improve Mount's game ten-fold. He fits a need at Liverpool too, who are in dire need of midfielders who are dynamic and good - neither of which they really have right now. Fit? 9/10 