Juventus are exploring ways to re-sign Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and have already offered up the services of forwards Paulo Dybala and Federico Bernardeschi in exchange for the Frenchman. Agent Mino Raiola's claims that Pogba wants to leave Old Trafford have sparked countless rumours about potential moves for the midfielder, with most stories revolving around either Juventus or Real Madrid. Juventus have been described as 'the only club' capable of signing Pogba in the current climate, while Pogba himself is thought to have his heart set on a return to Turin, although United have made it clear that they are not prepared to accept a low bid just because of Raiola's comments. While it's not yet known what United would demand to part ways with Pogba, ESPN note that Juventus are not confident about their chances of matching the Red Devils' asking price. The COVID-19 outbreak has hampered their finances and committing to a blockbuster purchase is simply not feasible at the moment. As a result, Juve are exploring other ways to finance a deal, one of which is offering players in exchange. Both Dybala and Bernardeschi's names have been discussed, but it is thought that United would only listen to swap offers if the other player involved was already on their target list. Of the pair, it's Dybala who may be of greater interest to United. The Argentine's future is up in the air at the minute, with Dybala clashing with club president Andrea Agnelli over claims that he has not been offered a new contract. The 27-year-old, whose current deal expires in 2022, suggested that he is yet to be offered fresh terms, whereas Agnelli claimed that a proposal to make him one of the Europe's top earners is already on the table. It adds to the uncertainty surrounding his future. 90min understands that Dybala's agents have been in contact with the Premier League's big six to gauge interest in their client, but the English sides would only be keen if Dybala made it clear he actually wanted to move to England. Whether United would be interested in a straight swap is unclear. There have also been reports suggesting that Juventus would push for an initial loan deal which would include an obligation to buy in the summer, which may be more appealing to United.