Manchester United could yet agree a new contract with veteran striker Edinson Cavani until the end of next season, despite sudden links with Boca Juniors that emerged earlier this week. Cavani signed a contract for one season when he arrived at Old Trafford on transfer deadline day in October, but the deal included an option for a further year until 2022. On Monday, two reports in Argentina claimed the 34-year-old Uruguayan had made up his mind that he wanted to join Boca Juniors this coming summer. It was suggested he was willing to take a pay cut to do it but that it would have fulfilled a childhood dream. However, the latest from Argentina now claims a little differently. TyC Sports reports it is not Cavani   s intention to move to Argentina and is instead expected to finalise an extension with United. It is said that Boca   s interest is    real    and stems from a good relationship with vice-president and club legend Juan Roman Riquelme, even suggesting there was actually contact as previously reported. But the biggest issue is around wages, even though the earlier stories alleged that Cavani would have been willing to accept the equivalent of one year   s salary spread over three. Instead, TyC explains that United have spoken to Cavani about triggering his extension clause and have scheduled a meeting in the    coming weeks    to finalise things. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer confirmed recently it was the club   s intention to sit down with Cavani and discuss both his and their plans for the immediate future.    I can only say Edinson has done well for us, I've been impressed with him and he's gelled really well with the group. We   ll sit down with him and speak with him in the near future, of course, to see his plans and our plans,    the United boss explained. Cavani hasn   t been free of the injury problems that started to creep in during his final two years at Paris Saint-Germain, but he has still scored seven times for United and has been a big hit with fans, even though he has never had the chance to play in front of them while Old Trafford remains closed. A post shared by Edinson Cavani (@cavaniofficial21)