Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal have each asked to be kept informed on developments over Ryan Gravenberch's future in recent weeks with a view to a potential summer transfer, 90min understands. The Dutch midfielder signed for Bayern last summer from Ajax, but has found his first season in Bavaria difficult - playing only 323 minutes to date in their Bundesliga campaign. He was left on the bench for the entirety of Bayern's 3-0 Champions League defeat to Manchester City on Tuesday. Gravenberch is understood to have never won over now former manager Julian Nagelsmann, and is at the moment unclear how he fits into the plans of new Bayern boss Thomas Tuchel. Leon Goretzka and Joshua Kimmich are Bayern's first choice players in central midfield and the club are also set to sign Konrad Laimer from RB Leipzig on a free transfer, making competition even greater. Gravenberch is looking for a path to regular first team football and is set to analyse his chances of a long-term role at Bayern in the final weeks of the season. All three Premier League clubs are looking to upgrade their options in midfield, with different profiles of player being considered by each. feed United are looking for a ball-playing number eight, and have had Frenkie de Jong of Barcelona in mind since Erik ten Hag's arrival. 90min also reported in recent weeks of exploratory interest in Mateo Kovacic, who is out of contract with Chelsea in 2024. Orkan Kokcu of Feyenoord has also been watched of late. Ten Hag has worked with Gravenberch before at Ajax, and introduced him to the club's first team. Liverpool meanwhile are looking sign up to three midfielders over the summer, and have withdrawn from the race to sign number one target Jude Bellingham due to prohibitive cost. They instead prefer to spread their summer budget over multiple, cheaper options. Chelsea's Mason Mount has also been of strong interest to Jurgen Klopp, while other targets are being considered from Premier League clubs - Matheus Nunes, Ruben Neves, Moises Caicedo and Alexis Mac Allister among them. Gravenberch is also being considered by Klopp having been a previous Liverpool target and a relatively cheap acquisition should Bayern decide to cash in. Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat is also among Liverpool's targets. Liverpool's desire to recruit so many players for one area of the pitch inevitably means several players are profiled and analysed. Arsenal meanwhile tried to sign Caicedo in January, only to be put off by Brighton's lofty valuation of the Ecuadorian midfielder. Youri Tielemans of Leicester City, out of contract at the end of the season, has also been considered by the Gunners and may become an option. The three clubs have also been following West Ham's Declan Rice for some time, along with Premier League leaders Manchester City and boyhood club Chelsea. WATCH NOW As stated last month on @90min_Football   s Talking Transfers, Borussia Dortmund don   t need to sell Jude Bellingham.@GraemeBailey    £       They want    150m.   Always a stretch to see Liverpool going that far. pic.twitter.com/tE12aFc8dd