Al Nassr have completed the signing of Inter midfielder Marcelo Brozovic on a three-year contract. The 30-year-old is the latest high-profile player to move to the riches of the Middle East, where he'll link up with Cristiano Ronaldo. A number of Premier League players have already departed for Saudi Arabia - Kalidou Koulibaly, Edouard Mendy and N'Golo Kante headlining a mass exodus from Chelsea - while the league's biggest acquisition is perhaps Karim Benzema - he's joined champions Al Ittihad after opting to end an illustrious trophy-laden stint at Real Madrid. 90min revealed that Brozovic had been courted by Barcelona as they looked to replace Sergio Busquets in the anchor role, but the Croatian has been lured to Saudi Arabia on a big-money contract. "When it comes to a player, many factors take over," Inter CEO Beppe Marotta told Sky Italia about a potential exit for Brozovic earlier in the week. "Clearly the economic one is the most important one.  "The situation is not closed and is not defined. Who decides is the player himself. We are not obligated to give him up. The biggest problem is the contractual relationship between him and the new club. "If there is a solution we will close the issue, otherwise we will take him off the market." manual Inter had been willing to part ways with Brozovic in a bid to raise money this summer, and further outgoings are expected at San Siro in a bid to balance the club's books. Lautaro Martinez has been interesting Real Madrid, Chelsea and Manchester United, while goalkeeper Andre Onana is of particular interest to the latter amid continued uncertainty over the future of David de Gea. The Nerazzurri are at least hopeful of concluding a deal for Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku, but their outgoings will need to significantly outweigh any incomings in a bid to be compliant with FFP rules. Al Nassr have also made an attempt to sign Crystal Palace talisman Wilfried Zaha, who is now out of contract, in addition to moving for Hakim Ziyech - his move is on hold though after issues arose in his medical, leading the Saudi side to change the terms of their original offer.