Every football fan loves a good transfer saga. In fact, some supporters love them a little too much, perhaps even more than the football itself. Some players seem to like them as well and with the huge signing-on fees they come with a big move, it's easy to see why.  Here are the 10 biggest transfer addicts who have commanded the highest combined transfer fees in football history.  Our list kicks off with a story of wasted potential, silky skills and a crippling Fortnite addiction. Ousmane Demb  l   was tipped as the man to fill Neymar's boots at Barcelona but since making a frankly obscene  £124.2m move to Catalunya in 2017, he has failed to live up to his billing. Injuries and accusations of a lax attitude have blighted his Blaugrana career to date. At least he can take solace in being number ten on our list ay? Combined Transfer Fees:  £137.7m  Unfairly dismissed as a chubby figure of fun by some, it's easy to forget that  Gonzalo Higuain was once the best striker on the planet. Starting his career off at River Plate, Real Madrid plucked him from obscurity for a nominal fee in 2007. He spent six years in the Spanish capital before being snapped up by Napoli for  £35m. Lots and lots and lots of goals followed. which convinced Juventus to part with a whopping  £81m to secure his services in 2016. After a dynamite first season, things trailed off. A series of loan fees paid by Milan and Chelsea earn him number nine on this list.Combined Transfer Fees:  £143.1m Still doing the business for Milan at the ripe old age of 38, Ibrahimovic has consistently commanded huge transfer fees over the course of his legendary career.First came a  £7m switch from Malmo to Ajax, then a  £14.4m move to Juventus before things really hotted up with a  £22m transfer to Inter. The most infamous of all of Zlatan's moves came in 2009. Impressed by his Juve form, Barcelona paid an incredible  £62.5m for the Swede, who soon fell out with Pep Guardiola. After this the striker secured moves to some of the most beautiful cities in the world. Milan, Paris, Los Angeles and err...Manchester. Combined Transfer Fees:  £152.2m The second Barcelona flop included on this list (so far), the signing of Philippe Coutinho still does not make sense all these years later. Signing someone who plays in the same space as your best player is silly enough. Spending  £130.5m on him is ridiculously stupid. Shipping him out on loan, only for him to score twice against you in an 8-2 defeat is tragic. He's still got two years left on his deal as well...Combined Transfer Fees:  £153.27m  No player is as good as creating their own transfer hype than Griezmann. Remember La Decision, that toe curling, now deleted documentary the Frenchman released days before the 2018 World Cup started? In a nauseating world of modern footballing excess, the video - in which Griezmann announced he was staying at Atletico Madrid, nothing more - stands out as a particularly depressing moment. A year later he did finally leave Los Rojiblancos with Barcelona paying  £108m for the floppy haired false nine. This, combined with the  £48.6m Atleti paid for Griezmann in 2014, just sees him miss out on our top five.Combined Transfer Fees:  £156.6m  We kick off our top five with a man that Manchester United fans loves to hate - or perhaps just hate? Di Mar  a may have endured a torrid time in the north west but he's excelled pretty much everywhere else he's plied his trade - accumulating a string of expensive transfer fees in the process. The winger started his career in Argentina with Rosario Central, earning a  £7.2m move to Portuguese giants Benfica in 2007.  After a slow start, Di Mar  a pushed on during the 2009/10 campaign, with his performances attracting the attentions of Real Madrid, who bought him for just shy of  £30m.Then came an ill-fated season spent at Old Trafford. United paid a remarkable  £67.5m for the Argentine, who was soon shipped out to Paris-Saint Germain for  £56.7m.Combined Transfer Fees:  £161.1m First and foremost, a huge shoutout to Alvaro Morata's team of representatives. The fact that they've managed to get their client - who has never scored more than 15 goals in a league season - to number four on this list is a miracle.Over the course of the Spaniard's meandering career, he has commanded in excess of  £170m in transfer fees. The  £50m Atleti paid this summer has to be the most ridiculous, considering they've immediately shipped him out on loan to Juventus.Combined Transfer Fee:  £170.1m In 2009, Cristiano Ronaldo moved from Manchester United to Real Madrid for  £84.6m. If the same deal was negotiated in 2019, CR7 would have surely brought in a  £200m transfer fee - perhaps even more. Because of this, the Portuguese icon can feel slightly aggrieved at not making the number one spot on this list. The million and one other records he's broken during his legendary career should help him sleep tonight, though. Combined Transfer Fees:  £207m 