There is simply no day more exciting in the football calendar than transfer deadline day. Clubs frantically trying to get last-minute deals over the line, players driving hopelessly up and down the country and sitting outside training grounds in the hope that a move goes through - yes, we're looking at you, Peter Odemwingie - and reporters being crowded by rabid fans as the night draws in and the clock ticks down. Of course, part of that entertainment factor has disappeared in the wake of the pandemic, but there's still fun to be had. Forcing through deals at the death isn't always a safe option, and might not always be cost effective. Grab your most obnoxiously yellow items of clothing and practice your best Jim White impression - 90min has pulled together the most expensive signings that have been completed in the history of the January transfer window's deadline day. Despite pursuing him heavily after a solid showing during 2006 World Cup qualification fixtures, Manchester United almost lost out on Spartak Moscow defender Nemanja Vidic to Fiorentina in January 2006.They successfully hijacked the deal, though, and completed the transfer. Five Premier League titles and a Champions League win, he did alright, didn't he? Oumar Niasse followed up a late,  £13.5m arrival at Goodison Park from Lokomotiv Moscow with 152 minutes of disappointing football in his first season.It resulted in him not actually being given a squad number for the following campaign in 2016/17, just months after joining. After signing on deadline day from Napoli in winter 2017, Manolo Gabbiadini went on a streak for Southampton and bagged five goals in his first three games.Two of which came at Wembley in the Carabao Cup final, which were almost enough to see them past Manchester United. Despite pursuing the Russian for the entire transfer window in January 2009 and literally having him sat in a hotel on deadline day, it took Arsenal until inside the final hour of the window to complete the deal for Andrey Arshavin with Zenit.Name something more Arsenal. Technically, Jonny signed for Wolves in the summer of 2018 after joining from Atletico Madrid, but that deal was initially a loan, and wasn't made permanent until deadline day in January 2019. He had never played a game for Atleti. Zenit managed to pry Salomon Rondon away from fellow Russian side Rubin Kazan at the death of the transfer window in 2014, but only enjoyed his service for 18 months before selling him at a loss to West Brom. Fans were furious when Lazio sanctioned the sale of their star midfielder Hernanes to Inter in 2014, considering they were direct rivals in the league.The Brazilian only spent 18 months with the Nerrazzuri, however, before moving on again to Juventus. Just shy of two years after leaving Swansea for West Ham in a club-record fee for the Irons, Andre Ayew returned to south Wales for an  £18m fee in 2018, but was gone again by summer on loan to Fenerbahce. Chelsea snatching away Olivier Giroud from Arsenal in 2018 on deadline day is arguably one of the most underrated pieces of business in recent times.Despite being 34, he still looks a better option than Timo Werner. Stoke paid a club-record fee to bring Giannelli Imbula to the club from FC Porto at the death in 2016, but he never found his feet and was caught up in a cycle of loans by 2017. There is slight uncertainty over the actual fee that Milan paid for Balotelli in 2013, but it was around the  £19m mark.His time at the Rossoneri proved to be his last truly impressive spell at the top level. After bursting onto the scene in the Premier League with Watford, there was plenty of interest in Odion Ighalo in the mid-2010s.He rebuffed it all, however, and headed to China in 2017 to sign for Changchun Yatai. Miguel Almiron's 2019 move to Newcastle from Atlanta United remains the highest fee ever paid for a player from the MLS to date. For all the money, though, Steve Bruce will never quite know what to do with him. When David Luiz joined Chelsea from Benfica for the first time in 2011, a certain Nemanja Matic was also included in the deal to get it over the line.Matic would eventually return, and the pair would win a Premier League together. While the signing of Andy Carroll was the more memorable deadline day acquisition for Liverpool in 2011, it was Luis Suarez who arrived from Ajax (for the cheaper fee(!)) who would go on to achieve greatness. After five years in the French capital, Lucas Moura swapped winning silverware for fun for a fresh start in north London in 2018.His performances took them to a Champions League final in 2019, but that's as good as it's got so far. Officially, Andre Schurrle's move from Chelsea to Wolfsburg in 2015 was completed on 2 February, but we'll let it slide.Despite only being 30, the German is retired having fallen out of love with the game. You'd be forgiven for forgetting that Juan Cuadrado signed for Chelsea from Fiorentina in 2015, because he was straight out of the door again come the summer window. Before the days of Willian in the Premier League, his talent at Shakhtar Donetsk had already been spotted by a billionaire-backed Anzhi Makhachkala - remember them?Their rise and fall coincided with the Brazilian jumping ship to Chelsea in 2014. Jackson Martinez ended a disappointing spell at Atletico Madrid in early February 2016 when he headed to Guangzhou Evergrande before the deadline, setting a then-record fee for a transfer by an Asian club. One of two men tasked with replacing Fernando Torres upon his departure to Chelsea, Andy Carroll only came close to replicating the Spaniard in the hair department.Great hair, not so great a Liverpool career.