The sun is rising on a new era at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have been sold by Roman Abramovich and new owner Todd Boehly is now ready to start thinking about what his debut season at the helm could look like. There's no need for a full rebuild - Chelsea did finish third last season, after all - but significant changes need to be made after a campaign where they began as title hopefuls and ended 19 points behind eventual winners Manchester City. Manager Thomas Tuchel should have absolute certainty about his future and a significant say in which players come into the club this season, with fans hopeful that Chelsea will move on from the days of signing players just for the sake of signing them. Before that, however, there are a few things which need ironing out. It's hard to plan for the future without a clear idea of how Tuchel will set up. He's favoured a 3-4-2-1 formation but was never afraid to revert to a four-man defence and a 4-2-3-1 setup could be the best way to maximise all the attacking talent at his disposal - perhaps even a 4-2-2-2. That means Chelsea don't need to go crazy when it comes to recruiting centre-backs (four is plenty), but given a lot of the Blues' attacking oomph comes from their full-backs, a traditional anchorman midfielder could be needed. Think a Rodri or a Fabinho. Kai Havertz was brought in as an enigma number 10 who might be best as a winger but also could be a striker. Romelu Lukaku's arrival was supposed to push Havertz back into attacking midfield for good, but as we all know, that's not how things played out. Is Havertz the long-term answer up top? There are worse shouts, but he's not the most clinical player around and he could probably do with a bit more creative freedom to strut his stuff. A switch back to the right wing, where he'll spend most time inside anyway as Reece James flies outside him, could be best. So, with that in mind, Chelsea need a solution at striker. That brings us on to... It's very tough to see where Romelu Lukaku goes from here. His debut season was a disaster and the chances of him scoring 40 goals and winning over the same fanbase he isolated with that infamous interview seem slim. Former employers Inter are interested. Behind him, Boehly should listen to offers for at least one of Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic, while a loan move for Callum Hudson-Odoi feels like the right move, even if it's about three years too late. In midfield, space needs to be made for the returning Conor Gallagher and it should probably be Jorginho who makes way. The Italian's style is a bit of an awkward fit in the Premier League and, with one year on his contract, it's time to cut ties. N'Golo Kante's departure shouldn't be off the table either, but Chelsea don't need to go crazy with that one. A contract renewal is probably still the better move. Ross Barkley's time at the club should be up, but Ruben Loftus-Cheek can stay if he's happy being a squad rotation piece. Finally, we get to the back line. Kepa Arrizabalaga should be freed to the world of starting minutes again, with Marcos Alonso and Malang Sarr not far behind. Cesar Azpilicueta is a solid role player but if he wants to go, he deserves his wish. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. Jules Kounde is right at the top of Chelsea's wish list, and rightly so. The young Frenchman is very good and, most importantly, actually wants to play for the club. Get him signed up, so that makes three alongside Thiago Silva and Trevoh Chalobah. It would be nice to see Levi Colwill get regular minutes, but those minutes need to be plentiful if he stays around. Sarr played eight league games this year and Colwill cannot afford to get stuck in that rut when there are plenty of Premier League teams desperate to give him 38 chances to prove himself next year. If Colwill goes out on loan, someone like Kalidou Koulibaly would be a sensational signing. Ben Chilwell is the obvious starter but, with Alonso likely to go, Chelsea need somebody to cover for the Englishman. Emerson is returning from a productive loan spell with Lyon and should be considered to save money for other areas. Spending  £45m on Marc Cucurella or  £30m on Borna Sosa would be fun, but there are bigger fish to fry this summer. Kante, who isn't even a defensive midfielder anyway, is being chased relentlessly by both Father Time and the Injury Bug, and Chelsea need somebody capable of sitting at the base of their midfield and keeping an eye on things. Aurelien Tchouameni looks to be on his way to Real Madrid, and while Declan Rice is an elite midfielder, it feels as though he's not necessarily the right man for this role. He's been sensational with a bit more attacking freedom this year and stifling that to make him an anchorman would be foolish - especially when he'll cost around  £120m. As far as cheaper options go, PSV's Ibrahim Sangare could be a nice buy. Boubacar Kamara would have been ideal but Aston Villa got to him first. Ousmane Dembele. Enough said. The Frenchman is likely to be available on a free transfer and Chelsea have been putting in a lot of work to convince him to head to Stamford Bridge for a reunion with Tuchel. Players of that quality aren't often available for free. RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku would be a good pick-up as well, especially if Havertz reverts to his wide role or stays as a striker. Nkunku could fit in here, but the absolute dream is Robert Lewandowski. He wants out of Bayern Munich and is eyeing a switch to Barcelona, but if the Blaugrana can't afford him, Chelsea should be all over the Poland international.