Manchester United, Liverpool and Arsenal were among the clubs in attendance for Sunday's Eredivisie clash between PSV Eindhoven and Ajax to scout Ibrahim Sangare and Jurrien Timber, 90min understands. PSV and Ajax faced off at Philips Stadion as the home side earned a comfortable 3-0 win thanks to a brace from Luuk de Jong and a spot kick from Xavi Simons. Sources have confirmed to 90min the thrilling contest was enjoyed by plenty of Premier League scouts. Man Utd, Liverpool, Man City, Arsenal, Newcastle United, West Ham, Brentford, Brighton, Wolves and Leeds United all sent representatives to watch a number of highly-rated players. One such player is Ibrahim Sangare, who 90min revealed is keen to test himself in the Premier League. The defensive midfielder's contract - signed last summer - has a release clause of    37m and his representatives have alerted the likes of West Ham, Arsenal and Tottenham to his availability during the upcoming transfer window.  Singare's PSV teammate Jarrad Branthwaite - who is on loan from Everton - was also watched closely by a number of Premier League clubs on Sunday. However, PSV have been extremely impressed by the defender and are keen to keep him on the books beyond the 2022/23 season. As for interest in Ajax players, Jurrien Timber was scouted by Manchester United on Sunday. The defender is one of United's top defensive targets ahead of what promises to be a busy summer window. feed The defender can play at both centre-back and right-back and, as 90min reported at the start of March, a source close to the Dutch club quipped Ten Hag "would take Timber tomorrow" if presented the opportunity, and that Timber would play anywhere for the manager who introduced him to senior football. After the defeat to PSV at the weekend, Timber was extremely critical of his teammates, revealing in an interview with ESPN: "I think we just weren   t ready today. "Very annoying. Painful, annoying, you put it well. You can talk a lot, but in the end you have to show it on the pitch. We didn   t do that. It   s frustrating when you don   t get into the game, balls don   t go in and you concede goals too easily. "I think everyone takes a good look at themselves. You try to cheer each other up, but that is sometimes frustrating, yes. You try to address boys and keep their spirits up."