So Liverpool need a centre-back. Virgil van Dijk is facing a season on the sidelines, Joel Matip's injury record is unreliable, and there is only so many minutes in a season that Fabinho can play. 90min understand that the Anfield hierarchy have informed Jurgen Klopp that they are prepared to pull the trigger on a new central defender in the January transfer window in order to bolster his squad for another tilt at the title.  A number of names have been mentioned, with the Reds looking for younger defenders with long-term potential, but with proven experience at a high level.  Here are five of the options Liverpool on the shortlist - ranked.  Age: 24Club: Shakhtar DonetskNationality: UkrainianMatviyenko is a name who cropped up in the summer when Liverpool were looking for a new left-sided defender, and the Ukrainian has also attracted interest from Arsenal in recent months. The advantages he brings are obvious. He's versatile, capable of covering the entire back line and in defensive midfield, while he would bring some symmetry to the heart of defence, where Liverpool's options are all right-footed.While the 24-year-old is not the most commanding centre-back, his strengths lie in communication, reading of the game and distribution - all of which will be major plus points at Anfield.The Crimean-born star also has valuable Champions League and international experience. Age: 20Club: Schalke 04Nationality: TurkishDiscipline is a major issue for Ozan Kabak, who is currently suspended for spitting at an opponent in a Bundesliga match. The 20-year-old, however, is just 20, so there is plenty of time for the unsavoury aspects of his game and personality to be ironed out. A quick, aggressive central defender with seemingly limitless potential, he looks the real deal other than that. One concern for Liverpool might be that he will require an adjustment period, given his age and relative inexperience - more or less defeating the purpose of bringing him in for initial short-term cover.  Age: 21Club: SevillaNationality: FrenchJules Kound  's nickname is 'Cafu' because of his exceptional ability to drive the ball forward from defence. Do you need to know more? He hates losing so much he once saw a psychiatrist for it, his Twitter indicates he's a bloody nice guy, and despite standing at just shy of 6ft, he has won 80% of his aerial duels since the beginning of last season - one of the best records in La Liga over that period. He's played more than 100 senior games for Bordeaux and Sevilla despite being just 21, and was a target for Manchester City in the summer before they decided on Ruben Dias. He'd be a great signing but his release clause is north of    75m and may be out of reach in January.