Back in March, Jose Mourinho revealed a dream XI of players he had previously coached in his career.  The likes of Samuel Eto'o, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Wesley Sneijder failed to make the cut for the Portuguese genius. However, in a lineup full of modern greats of the game, Mourinho did place Mesut Ozil on the left side of his midfield diamond. Having been listed alongside such esteemed company, it is a shame now that the German playmaker isn't even anywhere near the current Arsenal squad.  It seems that time is up for Ozil at the club that signed him for a reported  £42.5m back in 2013. Ozil's career has been full of ups and downs since his arrival at Arsenal.  A player capable of the extraordinary now finds himself stuck in a place of exile at the Emirates.  So, where can he go next? Well, he's not short of options.   No, these are not football teams. They are, in fact, business projects that Ozil has found for himself. The German has teamed up with former Gunners teammate Mathieu Flamini to create Unity Performance Lab, while he has been named as a strategic advisor to Class 5 Global and has got himself involved in the growing industry of e-sports with M10 Esports.Obviously, it would be a great shame to see the maestro's career finish in the circumstances he currently finds himself at the Emirates, but his business ventures are a good out, if he doesn't find himself a footballing solution to Arsenal exile... Likelihood: 1/10 Ozil's talent would be somewhat wasted in Qatar. However, the German has been linked with a move to the country - and if he goes to Al-Sadd, he would be able to reunite with former Gunners teammate Santi Cazorla, who moved to the club in the summer. Al-Sadd SC also have the advantage of being coached by Xavi. Ozil would no doubt thrive under a team playing football influenced by the Barcelona legend.Likelihood: 3/10 The Saudi Arabian club were linked to Ozil in the summer, and even had a bid accepted. At the time, however, the German rejected a move away from the Emirates with the hope of winning the fight for his place in the Gunners side. As it has become clear that here really is no future for him in London, Al-Nassr may move back in for him. However, you can't help but feel a move to Saudi Arabia would be a waste of his talents.Likelihood: 4/10  Turkey seems to be a bookies' favourite destination for Ozil. The midfielder has Turkish roots, of course, and one club to be heavily linked with the playmaker is Istanbul Basaksehir.The newly rich club have enjoyed success domestically in recent years and  are starting to make their mark on Europe - just ask Manchester United fans. While one of their standout performers- Berkay Ozcan - is linked with a move away from the club, Ozil would be welcomed with open arms as his marquee replacement. The club also has links to Turkish president Erdogan, who is close to Ozil personally.Likelihood: 6/10