Arsenal are still interested in Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda and were among the Premier League sides in attendance for Thursday's 2-1 defeat to Valencia. The Gunners chased Fresneda during the January transfer window but could not get a deal over the line, though the teenager has continued to impress ever since and the interest in him is growing. Indeed, sources have confirmed to 90min that Arsenal remain interested in striking a deal for Fresneda and scouts were in attendance to watch him in action on Thursday. Aston Villa and Newcastle, who appear certain to finish in the top four after beating Everton 4-1 at Goodison Park, also had representatives present. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is understood to have spoken with Fresneda in January about a move to north London and the right-back even took the time to praise Arteta in a recent interview.    I like Arteta a lot because I think he   s a great coach; I follow the European leagues and I think the work he   s doing with his club is fantastic,    Fresneda said. feed Valladolid are huge fans of Fresneda, who has made 20 appearances in all competitions and started 15 times in La Liga, but there is an acceptance that the interest in him will almost certainly lead to a summer exit. Alongside the interest from the Premier League, Fresneda is also on the radar of Real Madrid. He came through Los Blancos' academy before a move to Leganes in 2018 and may be handed the opportunity to return this summer. The teenager has a release clause worth    30m in his Valladolid contract and such a price would see Fresneda shatter the club's record sale, which currently stands at the    12m raised by Mohammed Salisu's move to Southampton in 2020.  Arsenal are also understood to have used Thursday's game as another opportunity to watch their own former academy gem, Valencia midfielder Yunus Musah. 20-year-old Musah, who left Arsenal in 2019, has attracted plenty of interest from the Premier League and Liverpool were among the clubs in the stands on Thursday to watch the midfielder in action,