With the EFL transfer deadline extended until 16 October there's still time for Championship clubs to conduct some late business.  While that may signal some new arrivals in the second tier, the extension could also see some departures with Premier League teams still permitted to sign players from the lower leagues. With club hierarchies and managers looking nervously at the calendar as the days pass by, we take a look at the teams who could benefit from the extended deadline by completing some late business, and the teams who could suffer as their prized assets escape their grasp at the 11th hour. The Nottingham Forest transfer team must have been working overtime this summer with no fewer than 13 arrivals at the City Ground. However, just four games into their league campaign and the man who brought them in - Sabri Lamouchi - has gone. The extended window allows new boss Chris Hughton to begin to stamp his own style on the squad, and there'll no doubt be plenty of departures with roughly 30 senior players on the club's books. There'll also be arrivals, with Anthony Knockaert rumoured to be keen on a reunion with his former Brighton boss and Kamil Grosicki also on the club's radar. Despite a whole host of senior players leaving the club this summer, Middlesbrough haven't been able to replace their outgoing stars. Neil Warnock has made no secret of his desire to bolster his options and he'll be desperate to see some new faces arrive at the Riverside in the next week. Creativity was Boro's big downfall last season and re-signing Patrick Roberts on loan would go a long way to addressing that problem. The Manchester City man is rumoured to be nearing a deal, and with Chelsea's Baba Rahman also on the club's radar the Teessiders could tie up some quality additions in the coming days. Derby have had a shocking start to the season and Phillip Cocu will be desperate bring in some reinforcements. With eight goals conceded in their opening three league games the Rams need to address their creaking backline, and they too are said to be keen on Chelsea defender Rahman. With just two out-and-out centre-forwards on the club's books Cocu is also said to be in the market for a striker, and if he can tie up deals for Keinan Davis or Charlie Austin - both of whom have been linked with a move to Pride Park - Derby's fortunes could be set to turn. A huge part of Swansea's end-of-season burst which saw them notch a play-off spot last campaign was the form of Rhian Brewster. The youngster has since moved to Sheffield United and the Swans have failed to properly replace the goals he took with him. A new striker is a must at the Liberty Stadium with Steve Cooper lodging an interest in Toulouse's Aaron Leya Iseka. The Belgium Under-21 international's record is far from prolific, however, his CV speaks for itself and at just 22 he's got plenty of time to develop. If Swansea can land their man he could prove to be a force to be reckoned with in the second tier. After narrowly missing out on the play-off spots last season you'd think the Preston hierarchy would be keen to make some additions to their squad and really push on next season. However, they've barely done anything, In fairness to them they've not lost many of their squad either, however, one win from their first four games seems to have forced their hand a little. Much like Derby, Preston have lodged an interest in Aston Villa's young forward Davis and someone with his pace and physicality could be a big hit in the Championship. Bournemouth have offloaded a number of high earners already this summer though they've managed to maintain the core of a side that has a good chance of being in and around the top spots. However, within their squad there's a number of match winners - Josh King and David Brooks - who could prove to be the difference between promotion and another season in the second tier. If the Cherries can keep hold of the pair then they've got a great chance of being a Premier League team next season, however, that remains a big 'if' with speculation beginning to grow. Despite having been the subject of attention from almost every team in the Premier League this summer, with just days of the transfer window remaining Sa  d Benrahma is still a Brentford player. With Crystal Palace's interest seemingly waning, West Ham appears the only possible destination for the Algerian. Brentford have struggled early on this season - picking up just one win from their opening four league games - and losing their key man so late in the window would be a huge blow with such little time left to find a replacement. Goalkeeper David Raya finds himself in a similar position with Premier League vultures continuing to circle. The speculation has clearly disrupted the Bees' opening to the season and to lose both players could be a huge blow. Watford have trimmed their wage bill following relegation, however, they've kept hold of a lot of players who many expected to make a swift return to the Premier League. Will Hughes,   tienne Capoue, Troy Deeney and in particular Isma  la Sarr all remain at the club, and if the Hornets can retain players of their calibre they'll have a superb chance of bouncing back at the first time of asking. However, rumours continue to circulate regarding Premier League interest and Vladimir Ivi   will be nervously watching the clock until the deadline. It's been a shocking start to the season for Barnsley with just one point taken from their opening four games. To compile the Tykes' misery club captain and key man Alex Mowatt is said be attracting interest from a whole host of Championship clubs with Boro, Queens Park Rangers and Cardiff all chasing the midfield man. Losing Mowatt would be a massive blow and would make the daunting task of avoiding relegation seem even more difficult.