One of the best parts of any major tournament is seeing which players bump up their stock so high that they earn themselves a big transfer. Known as the 'Andriy Arshavin Effect' (patent pending), we've seen plenty of players seal big moves off the back of some impressive performances at international level, and Euro 2020 has been no exception to that. Here's an XI of players who have earned themselves a move from this summer's tournament. Current club: Free agentSuggested clubs: Wolves, Southampton, Union Berlin Expect to see Vaclik's name in the rumour mill very soon. The 32-year-old is a free agent after leaving Sevilla, where he spent last season as backup to Bono. This summer, with the Czech Republic, Vaclik has looked far better than an unwanted backup goalkeeper. He has pulled off some outstanding saves and still looks like he's got a few years left at the top level. Current club: PSVSuggested clubs: Bayern Munich, Inter, Everton Probably the breakout star of Euro 2020, Netherlands defender Dumfries is definitely going to be playing for a top team when the transfer window shuts. The likes of Bayern Munich and Inter are in pursuit of the 25-year-old, who bagged two goals and an assist and looked like the biggest goal threat in the entire Dutch setup. Current club: Borussia MonchengladbachSuggested clubs: Borussia Dortmund, Tottenham In a world in which young centre-backs are all the rage, it's a major surprise that Elvedi's name has not been mentioned just yet. The 24-year-old has shone at the heart of Switzerland's defence and looked more than capable of playing for a Champions League side. His Gladbach team missed out this season, so a move could be on the cards. Current club: Bristol CitySuggested clubs: Leicester, West Ham It's been over seven years since Kalas pocketed Luis Suarez, but the Czech Republic defender looks like he hasn't skipped a beat. A dominant force at the Euros, Kalas is set to spend next season with a Bristol City side who only narrowly avoided relegation from the Championship last year. That doesn't add up. Current club: RomaSuggested clubs: Juventus, Inter When he left Juventus in 2019, it looked like Spinazzola's journey to the top might be over, but it was actually just beginning. He has been unreal for Italy on the left side of defence, flying up and down the wing and wreaking havoc against every defender in his path. Spinazzola looks like he could be ready to join one of the game's best sides. Current club: SassuoloSuggested clubs: Juventus, Manchester City An obvious one here. Locatelli's popularity was trending upwards after an excellent season with Sassuolo, but his stock is higher than ever after his dominant showings for Italy. A  £40m move to Juventus seems to be on the cards, but pretty much every team in Europe's elite are looking at the 23-year-old. Current club: HoffenheimSuggested clubs: Liverpool, Arsenal, Borussia Dortmund After his breakout year with Hoffenheim, the Euros have given Bamgartner the stage he needed to show his talents to the world. The Austrian is already seeing his name linked with Manchester United and Liverpool, and now that his team are out of the Euros, expect that interest to ramp up. Current club: LilleSuggested clubs: Liverpool, PSG Having quietly rebuilt himself in his two years with Lille, Sanches has used the Euros to prove that he has finally reached the level we all expected of him five years ago. No longer the stressed kid passing to an advertising board at Swansea, Sanches has been a real midfield enforcer, capable of turning defence into attack in the blink of an eye. Players like that are always in demand, so a second  £30m+ transfer could be on the cards. Current club: West HamSuggested clubs: Southampton, Newcastle In just four games at the Euros, Yarmolenko has nearly played as many minutes as he managed in the Premier League for West Ham last year. Now that he has proven his fitness, Yarmolenko will be at a crossroads this summer. Does he look for a fresh start away from West Ham, or does he gamble on getting into a team who almost made it to the Champions League without him? Current club: Bayer LeverkusenSuggested clubs: West Ham, Brighton When you score one of the greatest goals in the history of the European Championships, there's a good chance scouts are going to take notice of you. The 25-year-old has been fantastic for the Czech Republic and is one of the most talked-about strikers in the world these days, although whether any club would pay more than the  £26m Leverkusen paid for him last summer is up for debate. Current club: SampdoriaSuggested clubs: Borussia Dortmund, Sevilla, Tottenham Denmark have been on a real rollercoaster this summer, and part of the upside of that has been the emergence of Sampdoria winger Damsgaard.