West Ham United will hold talks with Juventus over a loan deal for Denis Zakaria, 90min understands, as the club prepare for Declan Rice's departure. Rice will undergo a medical with Arsenal on Friday after the Hammers agreed a deal worth  £105m, a record transfer for a British player, to bring to an end to weeks of speculation. The 24-year-old's exit should give West Ham plenty of wiggle room in the transfer market, with the club fully intending to strengthen their squad after qualifying for next season's Europa League. Talks are advancing between West Ham and Leicester over wide forward Harvey Barnes, although a deal is complicated by strong interest from Newcastle and Aston Villa, while there's also genuine interest in Ajax's Edson Alvarez, who saw a move to Borussia Dortmund break down recently. Joao Palhinha, Kalvin Phillips and Amadou Onana are three other players West Ham have identified as potential Rice replacements, but sources have confirmed to 90min that a loan deal for Zakaria, with an option to buy, is being strongly considered. Zakaria has played just 15 times for Juventus in all competitions after joining from Borussia Monchengladbach in January 2022, and spent last season on loan at Chelsea. He failed to make much of an impact though, appearing in just seven Premier League games before returning to Turin. feed West Ham will not allow Gianluca Scamacca to join Roma or any other interested club until they have a concrete replacement lined up. The 24-year-old signed a five-year contract at London Stadium last summer, joining from Sassuolo in a deal worth around  £35m. But the Italian has struggled to make an impact at West Ham and struggled with injuries in his debut season. Scamacca featured in just 16 Premier League games, scoring three goals, and appeared to struggle with West Ham's counter attacking style of play, which often saw him isolated as David Moyes set his side up to absorb pressure. Beaten Europa League finalists Roma, who are managed by Jose Mourinho, are interested in signing Scamacca after Tammy Abraham suffered a nasty ACL tear in the Italian's final Serie A game of 2022/23, initially on loan. But 90min understands that West Ham remain reluctant to sanction an exit for Scamacca, despite his willingness to return to Italy, and will stand their ground until they identify potential replacements. AC Milan and Atalanta are also interested in Scamacca, who earned his move to West Ham after scoring 16 goals for Sassuolo in an impressive 2021/22 season.