Tottenham's 5-2 win over Southampton on Sunday concluded a weekend filled with lovely serotonin hits for the club's fans. Sergio Reguilon and Gareth Bale were signed on the Saturday, adding the stardust the squad bitterly needed after an indifferent performance against Lokomotiv Plovdiv, before Harry Kane and Son Heung-min gave a timely reminder of their abilities on the Sunday - albeit with a helping hand from the Saints' non-existent defence. All in all, it was a positive week for Tottenham. But what was terrible about that game - and it looks like Jose Mourinho agrees, judging by the latest transfer rumours flying around - were the performances of Davinson Sanchez and Eric Dier in central defence. Spurs will have high expectations for themselves this season, but it's the unaware defending which means that belief is not reciprocated anywhere else. As good a player as Danny Ings, he can't be allowed to be found with one arching lob over the top. As good as Everton were the week before, allowing attackers to run straight through your centre backs is not a good tactic. It showed the deficiencies in Dier's game, while Toby Alderweireld's frightening loss of pace was also laid bare for all to see when he was sold short by Ben Davies. Spurs have had a good verging on excellent window so far. When a club signs Gareth Bale, they can be allowed to feel good about their work. That deal was preceded by the moves for Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Joe Hart and Matt Doherty - all seen as solid investments for various reasons. Bringing in last season's best left back in La Liga in Reguilon was incredibly shrewd, but recent links with Inter's Milan Skriniar show those at Tottenham know their work is not done yet. And what a deal it would be. The Slovakian was outperformed by Stefan de Vrij at Inter last season, but he was still a regular fixture in a side that finished second in Serie A. Spurs have needed a fresh face in central defence for a while. Sanchez hasn't progressed in the way many thought he would after a stellar 2017/18 season, and while Mourinho has given Dier the platform, the England international has not made Tottenham 'solid' at the back. If a team has designs on finishing in the Premier League's top four, they cannot be undone by a simple long ball over the top. Skriniar has previously been identified as a target by Mourinho, who was interested in signing him for Manchester United, and it's a deal that would only improve Tottenham's backline. They may need to sell before they can buy, which would mean finding clubs for players like Danny Rose and Juan Foyth. But if Spurs are going to move forward, they'll need a leader in central defence - and that doesn't just mean shouting a lot. It means leading by example and showing that conceding silly goals can be avoided.  Tottenham have just as much attacking talent in Kane, Son and Bale as just about any other team, but Mourinho needs a solid core if he is to achieve anything in north London. Skriniar is only 25 and is yet to hit his peak as a centre back, and if what he's achieved in Italy so far is anything to go by, that peak could see him become one of the best in the world. Spurs have missed that kind of figure since the 2017/18 season, when Jan Vertonghen was outstanding alongside the emerging Sanchez.