Manchester United have    completed    their agreement with striker Edinson Cavani to trigger a 12-month extension clause in his contract, ensuring that the popular veteran will remain with the club for a second season following an impressive debut year. Nothing has been made public just yet but an official announcement is expected soon. Cavani had been heavily linked with a return to South America and a transfer to Boca Juniors after his own father had remarked that the player was    uncomfortable    in England. But it was first suggested earlier this month that the 34-year-old had made up his mind to remain at Old Trafford and journalist Fabrizio Romano has now reported that the contract extension is    signed    and can be considered a    confirmed and done deal   . Edinson Cavani has signed his contract extension with Manchester United, here we go! ??? #MUFCThe agreement has been completed, Cavani has accepted to stay after Man Utd board and Solskjaer were pushing to keep him. Confirmed and done deal. ? #ManUtd #Cavani Critics were sceptical of Cavani   s arrival at Old Trafford on the delayed summer deadline day last October. The Uruguayan had been a free agent since June after failing to agree a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain and hadn   t played since the 2019/20 French season was cancelled in March. The signing was dismissed as a desperate one on United   s part, likening it to Radamel Falcao   s failed spell on loan in 2014/15, but Cavani has emphatically proved doubters wrong. His goal that sealed a 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Sunday, helping to mathematically guarantee United   s top four place and Champions League qualification, was his 15th for the club. Cavani has scored five times in United   s last three Europa League games alone, as well as getting a hat-trick of assists in the semi-final first leg thrashing of Roma. Yet it is not just his performances that have been an asset for the club, with his influence on younger attackers also a big plus.