On the morning of Sunday, 13 July 2014, Sami Khedira was preparing for the biggest game of his life. Having played five of Germany's six matches at that summer's World Cup, Khedira was set to start in midfield alongside Toni Kroos and Bastian Schweinsteiger for the final.  He had even made it into to the starting XI on the official team sheet only to pull up with an injury during the prematch warm-up. Ahead of the most seismic occasion in his entire career, Khedira's fragile fitness was his downfall - as it has so often been throughout his playing days.  Khedira's injuries have only denied him more playing time as the years have passed - the World Cup winner has failed to make more ten league starts in each of the last two seasons. After a managerial shake-up this summer, Juventus' patience appears to have run out and Khedira is thought to be one of several players 'not wanted' by the new boss Andrea Pirlo.  When Khedira does get out on the pitch he is still adept at winning the ball back and holding on to it while posing something of a threat in the opposition box. He's unlikely to singlehandedly rejuvenate a midfield but the 33-year-old could prove to be a useful free transfer if Juventus forgo a fee.  By late July, the usually unflappable Carlo Ancelotti could scarcely hide his relief that the season - and Everton's lacklustre end to it - was over. The Toffees' midfield is devoid of players who can help the team going forward and desperately lacking anyone who can halt the opposition in the other direction. Khedira would provide some thrust from the centre but can hardly be the only addition Everton make in that area.  During Jos   Mourinho's eventful reign as Real Madrid manager, the Portuguese coach would invariably turn to Khedira in the biggest games. This affection is wholeheartedly reciprocated by Khedira who was not short of praise for the current Tottenham manager on Instagram in May: "The most impressive person as a coach and person is Jos   Mourinho because in fact he trusted me," as quoted by Goal. Despite Mourinho's acrimonious exit from the Santiago Bernab  u in 2013, Khedira insisted the pair remain on good terms: "I still have an amazing relationship with him, I'm still in contact with him and I follow him as a coach and as a person..."Mourinho has a rather contrasting relationship with Tottenham's current box-to-box midfielder Tanguy Ndombele who has been repeatedly linked with a move away. On the face of it, bringing in Khedira - ten years Ndombele's senior - for the Frenchman seems to be a bizarre short-term option. Although - despite his protestations - Mourinho has long been a manager to value experience above many other qualities. After the initial suggestion that Juventus would simply terminate Khedira's contract, Pirlo was a little more vague when addressing the German's future in his first press conference, saying:    As for Khedira, he   s injured. We   ll see when he gets better.   The 33-year-old may have his deal kept intact so he can be offered as part of an exchange with Roma for club captain Edin Dzeko according to Italian publication Corriere dello Sport. However, Roma are reasonably well stocked in central midfield, boasting the established duo of Jordan Veretout and Bryan Cristante as well as exciting youngsters Amadou Diawara and Gonzalo Villar. 