This summer was all about Lionel Messi's future. Next year, the star of the show will almost certainly be Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbapp  . The 21-year-old superstar is said to have told PSG that he plans to leave the club in 2021, and given he will only have one year left on his contract at that point, a blockbuster move away from the Parc des Princes looks to be on the cards. Let's take a look at where he might end up. Chelsea are only on this list because of that picture of Mbapp   as a kid and the fact that he had a trial with the Blues when he was 11. The headlines right themselves, but if any surface, they'll all be complete rubbish.Frank Lampard has chosen this summer as the time to spend big on his attack, landing Kai Havertz, Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech. There's absolutely no chance Chelsea are spending well over  £100m on another forward in a year's time.Next. If we ignore Juventus' love for players over 1,000 years old (they just signed a 32-year-old to play in their Under-23s!), Mbapp   to Juventus is still a non-starter.While Cristiano Ronaldo is still on the books, Juve can't afford to pay the kind of fee it would take to sign Mbapp  , and the pair would probably clash on the pitch.They like to operate in the same spaces and thrive on being the star. Like Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann at Barcelona, this just wouldn't work. Realistically, Mbapp   would be perfect for Manchester United. The Red Devils have a rich history of signing the world's best young talents, so Mbapp   would fit in seamlessly in that respect.However, the problem with this one is that United already have too many young players. Anthony Martial, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford are already the stars, while Jadon Sancho could well be next. If the Dortmund man doesn't come this summer, you'd expect United to go back for him next year.If Sancho signs a new contract, then maybe this works out, but it seems like United would have to sell one of Rashford, Martial and Greenwood for this to be possible. Is that happening? It's unlikely.Also, United may not be able to guarantee the same level of elite football as some of the others further down the list... Mbapp   might have regularly spoken about his admiration for Liverpool and J  rgen Klopp, while there's also the Nike link and the fact that Liverpool are one of the very best clubs on the planet currently. Still, something about a potential move to Anfield for the Frenchman doesn't add up.This would likely require the exit at least one of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Man   and Roberto Firmino, and whether Liverpool would be prepared to blow up their forward line to sign one player (even if that one player is a future Ballon d'Or winner) is complicated.Furthermore, you've also got Klopp and his questionable 'Liverpool don't spend money' shtick to contend with. It doesn't quite seem right. This one is all about timing for Barcelona. If they are to lose Lionel Messi next summer, who better to replace him than the man touted to match his legacy?Sure, there's a lot that needs sorting out at Barcelona first. Under the current leadership and with their ageing squad, La Blaugrana are hardly the most appealing club to join these days, but a couple of smart decisions (for a change) could sort that all out very soon.Plus, with Barcelona looking to sign Neymar as well, could Mbapp   reunite with his partner in crime at Camp Nou? For Manchester City, the stars just might align on this one. Star forward Sergio Ag  ero will be out of contract next summer, and with doubts over Gabriel Jesus' readiness to replace him, City may be forced to find a new star.If City can find a way to afford the deal (which probably wouldn't be that hard for them), Mbapp   would waltz into the starting lineup and instantly become the focal point of one of Europe's top sides.Pep Guardiola is known to be a huge fan of Mbapp  , and if the boss sticks around for a few more seasons, he may well try and find a way to get this deal over the line.