Manchester City have been linked with an ambitious summer swoop for Tottenham talisman Harry Kane in an attempt to find a replacement for ageing all-time top scorer Sergio Aguero. Aguero will turn 33 before the start of next season and injury problems in recent months have limited him to just six Premier League appearances since March     and no goals. A new striker is a top priority for City in 2021 and there are doubts within the club whether Gabriel Jesus has enough to assume the mantle in the long-term. Borussia Dortmund star Erling Haaland has been identified as a target and City consider themselves favourites to land the Norwegian, whose own father played for the club in the early 2000s. Privately, Haaland is yet to make up his mind about his future, while in public he has even pledged himself to Dortmund in the short-term by insisting he is not ready to move on so soon. City would be foolish not to at least weigh up other options and Bild reporter Christian Falk has claimed that a summer bid worth  £90m for Kane is being planned. Our rumor of the week     @ManCity is planning a     100 million offer for Harry Kane in summer @SpursOfficial pic.twitter.com/rT52nDnsJQ Still yet to win a major trophy in his career, the England captain earlier this year refused to rule out leaving Spurs if his prospects of silverware would be vastly improved elsewhere.    I love Spurs, I'll always love Spurs but I've always said if I don't feel we're progressing as a team or going in the right direction, I'm not someone to stay there for the sake of it,    he said at the time. The club has shown promise under Jose Mourinho in the first half of 2020/21, but a potential Premier League title challenge has badly stalled in recent weeks and Spurs have slipped back down the table after winning only one of their last six league games. Kane   s own numbers this season are very impressive. He has 29 combined goals and assists to his name in only 23 appearance in all competitions and actually leads the Premier League in assists (10), having developed his game to be become a more rounded player.