Lionel Messi's father, Jorge, has met with Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu to discuss his son's future, although no common ground was found during talks. A saga that feels drawn out already - despite only being in its infancy - looks set to dominate the rest of the summer transfer window, as Messi aims to find a way to wrangle himself out of his Barcelona contract. ??? Acaba la reuni  n Bartomeu - Jorge Messi     El Bar  a, inflexible: no se negocia su salidahttps://t.co/bKzvSUMynA pic.twitter.com/KP4TfpovVo The Argentine has grown disillusioned with the club's sporting vision as well as the actions of the boardroom, with a humiliating 8-2 defeat to Bayern Munich being the straw that broke the camel's back. As such, he is asking to be released from his contract due to a clause in his deal, while Bar  a argue this date has passed and he will only leave if his  £623m release clause is met. This was followed up by La Liga, who took the side of La Blaugrana, insisting this is the only way the 33-year-old can leave Camp Nou this window. In a bid to reach an amicable conclusion, Jorge Messi met with Barcelona officials, including Bartomeu and sporting director Javier  Bordas. However, as per Mundo Deportivo, the parties could not agree on terms. Bartomeu has reiterated that Bar  a want to retain Messi at the club and their two-year contract renewal remains on the table. Messi's father, accompanied by is brother Rodrigo and a family lawyer, stick by their story of the forward legally being allowed to leave the club this window. With Messi being absent from any club duties, including returning for first team training, his side of the argument insist his time at Camp Nou is well and truly over.      Nos vemos en Lisboa!! ??? A post shared by  Leo Messi (@leomessi) on Aug 8, 2020 at 3:02pm PDT They stipulate that due to the coronavirus pandemic extending the footballing season, that carried over into Messi's contract. Under normal circumstances, the Argentine may opt out of his deal with the club at the end of the season (before 10 June) for free, having given prior notice. However, Barcelona stand by their claim that the date for departure has already expired, a stance backed up by La Liga. As put by the Spanish report, the club are now in a 'strong position'.