Chelsea defender Andreas Christensen has expressed his love for the club and says he hasn't thought about his future lying elsewhere. The Danish centre half's Blues career seemed in doubt last season as he started just six league matches under former manager Maurizio Sarri. However, this term under Frank Lampard, the 24-year-old has appeared 18 times and formed a largely successful partnership with Antonio Rudiger towards the latter end of the campaign.  Speaking to Sky Sports before Chelsea's loss to West Ham on Wednesday, Christensen said his eyes are firmly on achieving all he can with the club and he hasn't contemplated a move away yet. "I've never looked anywhere else," Christensen said, who has two years left on his current contract. "I've never doubted my situation. I've always had my eyes at Chelsea. I've had my contract and I've always expected to finish that and I've always dreamed of even more than that. Nothing has changed. Obviously it was a different situation last season but I still love being here, that's the short answer." Christensen has been with the club since his teens and broke into the Chelsea first team under Antonio Conte in 2017 after a successful spell in Germany on loan. ? | FOCUSAndreas Christensen vs Man City:       90' played? 58 touches (most for Chelsea)? 42/45 acc. passes? 2/2 succ. dribbles       6/6 ground duels won?    2/2 aerial duels won    4 tackles? 3 clearances? 8.1 SofaScore ratingMonstrous performance! ?#CHEMCI pic.twitter.com/EaYjUmpsVB Lampard has rotated between Christensen, Kurt Zouma, Antonio Rudiger and Fikayo Tomori this season, with each starting at least 15 Premier League games in 2019/20, but Christensen has welcomed the challenge it has brought and said it has spurred them all on.  He added: "It   s all healthy competition. We can all step in whenever the time is. We know we have great players and that   s not just us, that   s the whole team as well. Especially since we came back in such great shape and great mentality." The season has been a transitional one for Lampard's young side but despite some inconsistency, they remain in control of fourth spot in the league, which would ensure Champions League football for next year.  With Hakim Ziyech and Timo Werner set to join next season, Christensen admitted he is excited about the future prospects for the team.