Newcastle have already been linked with dozens of players this January, with manager Eddie Howe desperately looking to stave off relegation. A deal has already been completed for Kieran Trippier, but the defensive reshuffle is unlikely to stop there as the Magpies look to tighten up a defence that is haemorrhaging goals far too frequently. That's led to a pursuit of Sevilla's Diego Carlos and Lille's Sven Botman, who are both being targeted even though Newcastle may end up having to part to with over  £60m to land the pair. Everton defender Lucas Digne is another player on Newcastle's radar, thanks to his falling out with former Toon boss Rafa Benitez, while Aaron Ramsey, Todd Cantwell, Dominic Solanke and Gabigol are more forward thinking players who could yet rock up at St James' Park. At the other end of the table, title hopefuls Liverpool - who at this stage may feel they are fighting Chelsea for second spot - are tracking Porto winger Luis Diaz, although the Reds will have to splash some serious cash to land the 24-year-old Colombian. A  £60m fee has been mooted, but one player unlikely to leave Anfield is Divock Origi despite mounting interest. The Reds' squad is currently depleted by Covid-19 and Africa Cup of Nations absences, making the Belgian a valuable commodity to Jurgen Klopp despite his limited amount of play time. Over at Chelsea, Jules Kounde is still on the radar, although any attempt to land the impressive young centre-back may have to wait until the summer. His arrival could be the first move made in preparation for Antonio Rudiger's increasingly likely departure. Atletico Madrid-linked Cesar Azpilicueta, another out of contract in the summer, has also kept tight-lipped about his future, and there's still question marks over where Andreas Christensen will be playing his football next season. He's also in limbo as it stands, amid stalled new deal talks, although talk of a surprise move to Liverpool is wide of the mark. Over in north London, Antonio Conte has earmarked a number of players he'd be willing to part ways with as he looks to revive Tottenham. January loan bids may be considered for Dele Alli, Steven Bergwijn, Tanguy Ndombele and Matt Doherty, with all four almost certainly up for sale come the summer. There's also doubts over the futures of Giovani Lo Celso and Japhet Tanganga. In terms of incomings, a bid north of  £20m for Adama Traore appears imminent     and an exit isn't out of the realms of possibility after Wolves boss Bruno Lage admitted, "...in transfer window, you never know if something happens in last minute, you have to decide what is best for the club + player." Arsenal continue to track Fiorentina hitman Dusan Vlahovic, although the Serb is prepared to wait things out and see if better offers come in. The prolific 21-year-old isn't convinced by the prospect of joining the Gunners, despite their financial muscle, and may instead opt for a move to a team competing in the Champions League.