Barcelona have provided some wonderful entertainment when it comes to transfers over the past few seasons and that is likely to continue in January and the summer. The Qatar 2022 World Cup provides Barcelona with a chance to look at a host of stars all at once and start to plot moves for the next two transfer windows. There are a lot of moving parts in the Barcelona squad with a lot of players who could leave the club in the near future. For that reason, there are not very clearly defined positions for the Blaugrana to address, hence why the list may seem slightly scatter-gun. Dani Olmo has often come close to leaving RB Leipzig as any good run of form is met with links to multiple bigger clubs.Barcelona are one of those clubs and they could offer the attacking midfielder a great route back to Spain having left La Masia back in 2014 for Dinamo Zagreb. A lot of teams are going to be fighting over Jurrien Timber in the summer and Barcelona would be daft to not be in that fight.They may have to battle Manchester United but after Gerard Pique's retirement, Barcelona need a new long-term option at the back and the Ajax man could be the answer. This is a move that has almost happened on more than one occasion and it could be time to get it done. The Manchester City man has occasionally been the spare part with their abundance of attacking midfielders.If he joined Barcelona, he would have a much more prominent role and he could impress them with Portugal at the World Cup. Much like Bernardo Silva, this is a long-touted move and one that Barcelona should get done in January.They have a problem at right back and Azpilicueta, while a short-term fix, would bring a wealth of experience and desire to that area for Xavi's side. Barcelona may be well-stocked in midfield but that hasn't stopped them before. Gundogan is not always a starter at Manchester City and he may feel that Barcelona would be a good final big move for him.The German certainly brings a lot of quality and he is already off the mark in this World Cup after scoring a penalty. It seems that Benjamin Pavard's time at Bayern Munich is coming to an end after a drink-driving charge and some below-par performances.The Frenchman is a good and versatile defender who could be available for beneath his market value. There is also more scope for a January move to boost the defence ahead of the Europa League tie against Manchester United. The Borussia Dortmund youngster still seems to be flying under the radar slightly but he could be a very smart replacement for Robert Lewandowski if  Barcelona can get him through the door sharpish to learn from the Pole. Moukoko has just turned 18 and cannot be expected to lead the line for Barcelona any time soon, but he could be a great investment. Barcelona have been linked with Lautaro Martinez before and the financial difficulties that the Inter owners are in means there is a deal to be done.It would not be cheap but it would be an immediate source of goals coming into the team to replace Lewandowski when the time comes.