Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp believes that Chelsea's struggles this season prove that overseeing a rebuild is about more than simply buying lots of expensive players. The Blues have struggled to build on the success of the Roman Abramovich era under new owners Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital. After a record-summer transfer window spend of over  £270m, Chelsea replaced fan-favourite manager Thomas Tuchel with Graham Potter. Further big-money transfers followed in January to create a seriously bloated squad - one that was literally too big for some of Chelsea's Cobham training facilities - and Potter fell victim to these manic changes with his sacking in April. Frank Lampard has lost all five of his games in caretaker charge of Chelsea, who now sit 12th in the table and still have to play all of the Premier League's current top four before the end of the season. Klopp's Liverpool have also endured a disappointing season with their own squad in need of refreshing, but in an interview with Sky Sports, the German coach felt vindicated that spending vast sums of money will not always provide a cure to such turmoil. "I feel a little bit for Chelsea to be honest, because it's not going well. I think they're a top, top team but on the other side, it's good to see that you cannot just bring top players together and think it works out," he said. "You have to build a team and that's what the guys there underestimated and gave their coaches a nearly impossible job to do. "You cannot have two dressing rooms, you cannot train on two pitches, you have to create relationships, you have to create team spirit, and that   s the only reason why I'm a little bit happy about it." manual Klopp added: "Chelsea will be fine in the end and they will be incredibly strong next year, but I'm using them just as an example. "At the highest level, no, we cannot do it like that. And that's what we [Liverpool' will not do. "You have to bring in the right players and build a new team. This team wrote a sensational story and now we start a new one, that's it." Chelsea are without a win since March 11 and it's hard to see where their next one comes from - every team they play between now and the end of the season has something to fight for at either end of the table. Fixture Date Arsenal vs Chelsea 2/5/23 Bournemouth vs Chelsea 6/5/23 Chelsea vs Nottingham Forest 13/5/23 Man City vs Chelsea 21/5/23 Man Utd vs Chelsea 25/5/23 Chelsea vs Newcastle 28/5/23 LISTEN NOW