Reading defender Omar Richards has completed a long-awaited move to European champions Bayern Munich, signing a four-year deal in Bavaria effective this summer.  The Royals left-back has been a standout performer in an impressive season for the promotion-chasing side, and will see out the rest of the campaign before linking up with Bayern.  Richards had been pursued by Everton and West Ham among a host of Premier League sides, but it was reported earlier this year that Bayern were set to win the race, as they searched for competition to starting left-back Alphonso Davies.  Sky sources: Omar Richards to @FCBayern is a done deal! He has passed his medical and signed a 4 year contract until June 2025 @FCBayern ?    #TransferUpdate pic.twitter.com/JC0MmljLtj They see Richards, who has made close to 100 senior appearances for Reading, as capable of competing for places at the very top of European football, and moved swiftly to bring him in on a pre-contract deal. Reading will not be due compensation for the England Under-21 international, who turned 23 in February.  Though the deal has not yet been officially confirmed by either club, Sky Sports are reporting it is a done deal - but even that is simply confirmation of a transfer that has long been a foregone conclusion.  Richards has been one of the players of the Championship season, but he was released by Fulham as recently as 2013, where he had failed to impress as a midfielder in the Cottagers' academy.  ? Of players to have attempted at least 50 tackles in the top two tiers of English football this season, only Aaron Wan-Bissaka (88%) has a better success rate than Omar Richards (85%)?    Bayern Munich have made an approach for the 22-year-old Reading defender, per @mcgrathmike pic.twitter.com/30qtIN6V4K Upon signing for Reading, he was converted into a left-back, and soon hit the ground running in the first-team. Since his Championship debut in 2017, he has earned comparisons to Manchester United defender Aaron Wan-Bissaka for his combative, tough-tackling style. 