Robert Lewandowski has reiterated his desire to leave Bayern Munich this summer, revealing that his passion for the club has waned. The prolific Pole still has a year left to run on his contract in Bavaria but he has already publicly expressed his wish to move on from the Allianz Arena after eight years, amid strong interest from Barcelona. However, Bayern are determined to keep hold of their man while he is still under contract, leading to something of a war of words in the media involving the club's hierarchy. In yet another interview, Lewandowski has now expanded on his comments and the reasons behind his desire to leave Die Roten. "I am leaving because I want more emotions in my life," he told Polish outlet Onet Sport. "They didn't want to listen to me until the end. Something inside me went out. And it is impossible to get over it. Even if you want to be professional, you can't make up for it." When asked what exactly in him had been extinguished and whether it was enthusiasm, emotion, enthusiasm or a willingness to give his whole self to the cause, the 33-year-old replied: "Well, I think it goes in that direction." The striker continued to criticise his treatment by Bayern and their failure to grant his wish of an exit thus far. "If you have been in the club for so many years, you were always ready, you were available, despite the injuries and pain you gave your best, I think it will be best to find a good solution for both sides. And not to look for a one-sided decision," Lewandowski added. "It does not make sense. Not after this time. I would understand if I had been playing here for 2-4 years, but after such a successful path and readiness and support on my part, loyalty and respect are probably more important than business." Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. The veteran Poland international was also adamant that he saw no value in the club forcefully keeping him. 