Manchester United manger Erik ten Hag has stressed the importance of signing a new striker in the upcoming January transfer window following the recent departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo left Old Trafford with immediate effect in November following the incendiary interview he gave to TalkTV, doing irreparable damage to his relationship with Ten Hag after insisting he has no respect for the Dutch coach. Although flush with wide forwards after spending significant sums on Jadon Sancho and Antony since 2021, Ronaldo was already one of only two recognised    number nine    players in the squad     alongside Anthony Martial     after the summer exit of Edinson Cavani. Aside from Ronaldo, United haven   t spent money to sign a central striker on a permanent transfer since Romelu Lukaku in 2017. The situation has only become more urgent since Ronaldo walked away last month. United had long been interested in Cody Gakpo, a player capable of playing both on the left and centrally, but Liverpool have moved quickly to secure a deal worth an initial  £37m. Ten Hag is confident that United still have the potential to produce good young forwards of their own, but the former Ajax boss is not kidding himself that it is enough. Equally, however, any player recruited to fill that    number nine    void has to be the right one.    Two things," he said ahead of Tuesday night   s clash with Nottingham Forest. "Impulse can come out of our own club, see [Alejandro] Garnacho, see [Anthony] Elanga, see [Facundo] Pellistri, who made a good impression at the World Cup and also in training. That is first. "Second, yes, we are aware we lost a striker, so I think we have to get a striker in, but it has to be the right one. The right one is a player that brings quality to the team, not just adding to the squad because that only gives you problems. You know the criteria is high here at Manchester United." The aforementioned Martial has had a stop-start seven years at Old Trafford. The Frenchman looked like he had finally cracked it in 2019/20 when he scored 23 goals in all competitions. But his form later deserted him and fitness troubles have also taken a toll on his numbers.