The group of players relegated from the Premier League last season are among the most talented in the division's history.  Watford, Bournemouth and Norwich all possess a host of alluring names with Nathan Ak  , Emiliano Buendia and Ismaila Sarr among the most in-demand right now.  Sarr only joined the Hornet last summer for a club record fee but the 22-year-old is surely too good to ply his trade in the Championship next season.  Several Premier League teams have already been linked with his signature but who else should be targeting the Senegalese winger?  Wilfried Zaha needs to leave Crystal Palace. His constant jostling for a move away from Selhurst Park is getting tiresome and it clearly affected his form on the pitch last season.  Sarr would be an ideal replacement for the Eagles' talisman as the pair have similar core strengths. Both have a wicked box of tricks and are capable of striding past defenders with ease.  If Zaha does leave, Palace will be losing a player who registered 246.4 progressive yards per 90 minutes last season. While Sarr figures of 182.6 do not quite make up for their deficit, they certainly cover a significant chunk of it. Also, if Zaha does leave Palace fans will appreciate the Senegal international's unpredictability going forward. Additionally, from a neutral perspective, any respite from the ultra-functional Hodgson-ball will be much appreciated.   Letting a great chance to break into the top four slip through their fingers will have taught Leicester that greater strength in depth is required next season.  Brendan Rodgers' favoured 4-1-4-1 formation requires one out and out winger and one inside forward, and Sarr could play both roles well. The Foxes are also in need of more goal scoring threats as they look to lessen the burden of Premier League Golden Boot winner Jamie Vardy. Sarr fits the brief, netting six goals in a dysfunctional Hornets side last season.  Wolves' paper thin squad is in need of bolstering if they wish to cement their place as regular challengers for Champions League qualification. Although the fact that he's not Portuguese may work against him, Sarr seems like he would fit in well at Molineux. He possesses dribbling skills comparable to Wolves star Adama Traore and although the winger is not quite as devastating as the Spaniard, he does give the ball away far less frequently.  Traore was disposed over three times per 90 minutes last season and Sarr only lost the ball a shade over 2.5 times. Fielding the pair together is another option - a move which would make Wolves one of the most exciting teams in transition in the Premier League.  Speaking of teams who are devastating in transition, Liverpool are another side who should be considering swooping in for Watford's key man.  The Premier League champions don't need much strengthening - they did win the Premier League by 18 points after all - but with several fringe forwards such as Xherdan Shaqiri and Divock Origi linked with a move away and Adam Lallana already departing, some recruitment is necessary.  The Reds are understood to be on the lookout for cut price deals as well and Sarr represents exactly that. Although Watford will obviously want to recoup as much of their  £30m investment as possible, their relegation puts them in a incredibly weak negotiating position.  The Blue half of Merseyside should also be thinking about Sarr. This transfer seems incredible Everton-y but it could actually be a smart move. 