So, it's happened: Leeds United are a Premier League team once more. But without boring you with the 'back where they belong' speech, the raw truth is that you only belong there if you're good enough. As it stands they've been well stocked enough to get back to the promise land, but their chances are slimmer than Patrick Bamford's calves if they hope to remain there with the squad they have. Marcelo Bielsa has worked wonders this season with the tools at his disposal, utilising youth and experience in equal measures, but he is knowledgeable enough to realise that reinforcements are essential to any hopes of avoiding an immediate return. ???? ??? ?????? ???????...Welcome to the Premier League, Leeds United & Marcelo Bielsa! ? pic.twitter.com/FwdBO8Pk2d Who could they be, though? Trying to operate within the realms of realism, here are a few players that Leeds should target in the summer in order to ensure the Premier League is, indeed, 'where they belong'. This one doesn't require a great deal of explanation, since the on-loan stopper is within touching distance of securing a permanent move to west Yorkshire anyway. Following the long-term ban handed to Kiko Casilla, the young Frenchman stepped into the first team with accomplished fluidity, rarely looking flustered and demonstrating he was capable of making the handling pressure. His signing (should be) incoming, and first one off the list. Another one that is fairly nailed on is fellow loanee Ben White from Brighton. The central defender has caught admiring glances up and down England with some solid displays under Bielsa - playing every single minute of Leeds' 45 Championship games to date. The confidence he's built up during that time has seen his stock rise exponentially, to the point where Liverpool are keen. Rumours of the Seagulls commanding around  £35m for him is worrying news for Leeds, but if they can at least secure him on another loan deal then it could suit all parties. It is, however, nearing more towards permanent or bust.  Leeds can boast the best defence in the second tier this season, which was largely in part to White's contribution. If he keeps up that form - and keeps them in the league - then it will be money well spent. Rounding off the trio of loan players this season is Jack Harrison, who Leeds did well to secure from Manchester City on another loan deal for the 2019/20 campaign. He's proven to be a reliable figure for Bielsa, either lining up in attack or being fielded as a makeshift left-back on occasion. Again it looks like there has been traction on another loan for next term, and while he may not be a regular starter next term, he's shown his worth to the club and extending his stay - in whatever capacity - is a wise move. Question marks remain of whether Casilla can cut the mustard in the top flight, and any potential sale could free up funds for a more adequate replacement. Meslier is certainly talented, but at just 20 years old, may need protecting ahead of the sudden jump up in class of the Premier League. Jasper Cillessen hasn't had a great time down in Valencia, but he's a keeper who has played (well, trained at least) for Barcelona, where being good with your feet is essential - a philosophy Bielsa adopts. Valencia are desperately looking to sell players this summer to balance their books, with the Dutchman among them, so why not tempt their hand with an offer or two and get some experience in between the sticks? Other Options: Claudio Bravo It's been a troubling position for Leeds, who've played a few different players in that position this season. The regular option is Stuart Dallas, who while has done well, will need healthy competition to keep him on his toes.  A left-back by trade would be of benefit for the coming term, and City's Angelino might just fit the bill. He wasn't at his best when he returned to the Etihad for the start of the season, but a move to RB Leipzig on loan saw his displays improve and he more than met the tactical requirements placed on him by Julian Nagelsmann. We can expect plenty of tactical nuances under Bielsa, so someone well versed in that field, such as Angelino, makes sense. Other Options: Max Aarons This hinges entirely on whether Aston Villa can beat the drop. If they don't, well, then it's an avenue Leeds should pursue. Douglas Luiz is of the combative nature but has also shown on occasion that he's capable of the spectacular, while any criticisms angled his way this season don't relate to his work rate or commitment. Playing in the holding role but also of a creative nature, he would bolster the ranks while also offering genuine competition for a starting spot. Other Options: James Milner What has been vital to Leeds' success this season has been the magic displays of Pablo Hernandez. However, no matter how superb he's been, all good things must come to and end. For clarification, he should absolutely not be sold, but the burden of being the sole creative force in the side must be eased from his shoulders. West Ham have been keeping tabs on Eberechi Eze at QPR, who this season has netted 13 goals and laid on a further eight assists for a side who've hovered around the mid-table mark for most of the season. There is clear talent there and with greater firepower around him the scope for improvement is an opportunity Leeds should take advantage of. Other Options: Said Benrahma, Callum Hudson-Odoi (loan) Andrea Radrizzani chuckled at the notion of Leeds breaking their transfer record this summer, which if they want to sign Odsonne Edouard, they'll certainly have to. But the standout area in the squad that needs addressing is in attack. An unfortunate legal wrangle is ongoing in the background regarding Jean-Kevin Augustin, but whether he stays or not, Bamford needs challenging up top. The question over whether he has what it takes to lead the line will simply come down to waiting and seeing, but you can't hope to stay in the top flight with one decent striker. Someone who is tempted by English football is Celtic's Edouard, unequivocally one of the finest young forwards in Europe right now. His skillset his vast and his goal rate superb, while he's proven himself to be a team player which would fall neatly under Bielsa's non-negotiables. Will be costly, but oh so worth it.