Chelsea's squad is bloated.  Very, very, very bloated.  So in order to help the club combat that issues, we at 90min decided to take a look through the entire Chelsea squad to see who the club should keep, loan out, and sell.  Chelsea, you're welcome. Marcus Bettinelli - Helps the homegrown quota. Might as well keep him.  Thiago Silva - Even at 38 years old he's still unquestionably the best defender at the club.  Reece James - When fit, Reece James is the best player at the club. He's the man to build around long term.  Marc Cucurella - Not the greatest Chelsea career to date, but Chelsea spent a lot on him and he might still come good (might).  Daniel Childs reacts to Chelsea's 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Sunday at Stamford Bridge. If you can   t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! Ben Chilwell - The tandem of Chilwell and James in opposite wing-back roles is a fun one...provided they can both stay fit.  Wesley Fofana - Young, talented, but usually injured. Fofana can be a very good player whenever he's finally firing on all cylinders again.  Benoit Badiashile - The new signing made his debut in the win over Crystal Palace and he certainly impressed.  N'Golo Kante - Injured a lot in recent seasons and currently not worth what Chelsea are paying him, but if they can renogiatate some more club-friendly terms in his new contract then they might as well keep hold of the World Cup winner.  Mateo Kovacic - At times he's been one of Chelsea's better players. He needs to do it more consistently though.  Mason Mount - Chelsea through and through, obviously they keep Mount.  Kai Havertz - He's not a striker. He's an attacking midfielder. And he's a good one.  Carney Chukwuemeka - 19-years-old and already getting some game time which is a good sign.  Lewis Hall - Has enjoyed a few starts recently at LWB. Graham Potter seems to rate him.  Mykhaylo Mudryk - The  £100m man signed an eight-and-a-half year deal.  Raheem Sterling - There's been some murmurings around Sterling's Chelsea future recently. They probably shouldn't let him go, he's still a top player when he's in-form.  Joao Felix - There's no option to buy the Portuguese attacker in the summer, we're guessing quite a few Chelsea fans wish there was though.  Denis Zakaria - Currently on loan from Juventus and currently impressing in the Chelsea midfield. A solid squad option. Gabriel Slonina - The 18-year-old needs senior football in the next few seasons, likely elsewhere, in order to hit the heights he's expected to.  Bashir Humphreys - Recently made his Chelsea debut and would benefit from more football elsewhere to learn his trade before returning in the summer.  Conor Gallagher - Let's call a spade a spade here: Conor Gallagher hasn't been very good this season. Time to ship out on loan to another Premier League team to hopefully rekindle some of that magic he showed at Crystal Palace.  Omari Hutchinson - Chelsea have a lot of options in wide areas right now so it's best if he's shipped out on loan to a Championship team.  Andrey Santos - A recent signing, the 18-year-old could do with some match experience somewhere in Europe until the end of the season.  Armando Broja - Out injured for a long time. When he comes back, immediately send out on loan to get rid of the ring rust.  David Fofana - Let him go out on loan and continue to bang in the goals until he's ready to play for Chelsea.  Kepa Arrizabalaga - He's had plenty of chances and simply isn't good enough to play for a top club.  Edouard Mendy - A clever signing a few seasons ago but injuries have completely derailed his Chelsea career.  Cesar Azpilicueta - Looks old, plays old, is old. Time to go.  Trevoh Chalobah - An academy graduate who has looked quite shaky in recent weeks; particularly in the defeat to Fulham.  Kalidou Koulibaly - It's quite clear at this point that Napoli played a blinder by selling Koulibaly.  Jorginho - His contract is up in the summer and it's the perfect time to let him leave.  Christian Pulisic - He just hasn't impressed consistently enough. Chelsea could probably still get a nice transfer fee for him too.  Ruben Loftus-Cheek - Been around forever and hasn't really done anything ever. 