Randal Kolo Muani has hinted he could stay at Eintracht Frankfurt this summer, despite clubs like Manchester United, Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich showing interest in the Frenchman. Kolo Muani only joined Frankfurt last summer on a free transfer when his contract with former club Nantes expired. But the 24-year-old, who scored 12 goals in Ligue 1 in 2021/22, went on to net 15 times in the Bundesliga and reached 23 in all competitions. He also made the international breakthrough with France, called up for Les Bleus    2022 World Cup squad. In fact, it was only a world class save from Argentina goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez in the 120th minute of the final that stopped Kolo Muani winning the World Cup for France. Frankfurt initially had no intention of selling the player, but chief executive Axel Hallmann later stated it would take an offer    different than    90m, more than this   . Even then, Hallmann said Kolo Muani staying put would be the    absolutely ideal scenario   . Now, Kolo Muani himself has spoken about his future and isn   t itching for a transfer. feed "I could stay," he told TMW. "I have a long contract and as a result there is, of course, the possibility that I could still be the striker for Eintracht. The millions can be a pressure, but there will be another time to say goodbye. Now is not the right time." Earlier this month, 90min revealed Bayern Munich had backed away from their longstanding interest in Harry Kane to avoid a protracted transfer saga, with the plan to target Kolo Muani instead. Bayern are unwilling to go as high as    100m, although the price tag didn   t end talks. Manchester United are in the market for a striker this summer, having parted company with Cristiano Ronaldo in November and struggling with just Anthony Martial as the only recognised striker who is a permanent member of the first-team squad. Lionel Messi   s departure from PSG has now been confirmed, marking a blow to their front-line. Napoli consider Kolo Muani as a potential replacement for Victor Osimhen should he be sold this summer, while Atletico Madrid, Newcastle and Arsenal have all been keeping tabs on the player.