Manchester United are reported to have made a "very interesting offer" for Real Madrid full back Sergio Reguil  n ahead of the new season. United have addressed issues of depth in quality in midfield by signing Donny van de Beek from Ajax this week, and are on the market for other new players ahead of their Premier League kick off on September 19. Jadon Sancho has been established as their primary target throughout the summer, though the deal has stalled recently. Their defence, however, has been a concern. United are publicly known to be chasing Sancho and a central defender, though a number of other positions in the squad will require strengthening in future windows.  Centre forward will need to be addressed at some point in the near future given Odion Ighalo's loan deal expires in January, while the left back position has caused some concern among the club's fanbase over the last few months. This is where Reguil  n comes in. The 23-year-old Spaniard, who could make his international debut against Germany on Thursday night, impressed on loan at Sevilla last season and played his part in knocking United out of the Europa League at the semi-final stage last month. He provided the assist for former Liverpool forward Suso to score Sevilla's opening goal in their 2-1 win. However, his loan deal in Seville has since expired, and he has returned to parent club Real - who are known to be looking to trim their squad and raise money from player sales in order to reinvest next summer. They own a number of quality options at left back, with the experienced Marcelo and Frenchman Ferland Mendy in contention to battle for the position. Real are reported by Spanish daily AS to be open to selling Reguil  n for between    25m and    30m - though it states they would be looking to include a buyback option in the deal at that price.  The report states that United have already arrived with an "interesting offer", and the MEN confirm he has been tracked by United's recruitment department. 90min has learned that left back is not a primary option for immediate strengthening, though the situation could change given there are a number of players United wish to sell. Central defender and full back Marcos Rojo has been told he can leave the club, though finding a permanent destination for him is a challenge, while Portuguese full back Diogo Dalot, a right back able to play on the left, has barely featured under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in recent months. United are expected to consider offers for both players should they arrive. Other squad players; the likes of Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Andreas Pereira, Jesse Lingard and Sergio Romero, are also available for sale at the right price, and any fees from their departures could be used to invest in other positions.  Left back is looking particularly light on options at present given Luke Shaw's injury problems and Brandon Williams' dip in form, though most believe the latter would be more comfortable playing on the opposite side given he's right footed. Sevilla are the other team at the head of the queue for Reguil  n according to the report, though are only able to offer another loan to Real - who would like to raise money. It gives United the advantage.