Chelsea are on the hunt for a new left-back, and Leicester City's Ben Chilwell sits atop the wish list. There's no doubting the Englishman's ability, but what has Chelsea fans concerned is the fact that Leicester are expected to demand close to  £70m to part ways with Chilwell. With Chelsea looking to make a number of signings this summer, can they really afford to spend so much on him? If the Blues need to save some money, here are ten alternatives they should look to. Ajax man Nicol  s Tagliafico is many fans' preferred target this summer, and it's not hard to understand why.Solid in defence and dangerous in attack, the 27-year-old has plenty of valuable experience from his time in both the Champions League and the international scene, so he could be the man to nurture Chelsea's young back line.The best part? He's available for just over  £22m. It'd be rude not to. Just like the entire Atalanta side, German left-back Robin Gosens emergence went somewhat unnoticed until, all of a sudden, he was a top talent.Primarily a wing-back, Gosens has been terrorising defences in Serie A for a few years now. It's a style similar to Marcos Alonso, only Gosens is actually reliable at the back as well.With two years left on his contract, Gosens could well be available for relatively cheap, which should give Chelsea a lot to think about. Football Manager fans will know all about 22-year-old Getafe starlet Marc Cucurella.The former Barcelona starlet has excelled away from Camp Nou, pushing further up the field to showcase his electrifying attacking ability. He loves racking up the assists and can add an extra edge to any forward line.His combination of pace and aggression makes him a tenacious defender, and he should only get better from here. A post shared by Rayan Ai  t Nouri (@r.aitnouri) on Apr 7, 2020 at 11:24am PDT Around Europe, few young left-backs have excited quite like 19-year-old Angers gem Rayan A  t-Nouri.Before a fractured jaw brought his breakthrough season to an abrupt end, A  t-Nouri proved himself as a mature defender with a satisfactory eye for an impact in attack.His age would make him a perfect fit in Chelsea's youth revolution, but it also brings the risks you'd normally associate with inexperience. Can Chelsea afford more youngsters in the team? On the Blues' radar for what feels like an eternity, Porto's Alex Telles could finally be on the brink of sealing a move to Stamford Bridge.The Brazilian is one of Chelsea's well-known alternatives to Chilwell, but it expected to be available for less than half the price. For a 27-year-old who just managed 13 goals and 12 assists in all competitions, can you go wrong?He's not the most convincing defender, which might explain why the Blues have hesitated to pull the trigger, but it's still one to keep an eye on. Wolfsburg's J  r  me Roussillon has been flirting with stardom for a few years now, although an underwhelming 2019/20 campaign has seen the hype around him die down slightly.The Frenchman has attracted plenty of interest recently, with Barcelona, Borussia Dortmund and PSG all keen, and at 27 years old, it seems like this summer might be the last chance from him to move while he's still at his peak.Since his arrival in Germany, Roussillon has focused on ensuring he impresses at both ends of the field, which is exactly what Chelsea need. Perhaps one of the more expensive entries on this list, 24-year-old   lex Grimaldo would be worth every penny.He was supposed to be Barcelona's next superstar, but he has instead blossomed into Benfica's most valuable asset. His blend of solid defending and devastating attacking prowess makes him the kind of player Chelsea should be all over.Benfica are always willing to sell for the right price, and Chelsea should capitalise on the current financial climate to jump to the front of the queue. Anyone who watched La Liga this year will have heard of Pervis Estupi    n, the 22-year-old Ecuadorian who tore even the best sides apart with Granada.Having returned to parent club Watford, you get the sense that Estupi    n might be available following the Hornets' relegation. If Chelsea aren't all over that, someone else surely will be.He's still a raw talent and has plenty of work to do, but if he develops as anticipated, Estupi    n could be one of the finest around in the near future.  Sah Quel Plaisir ? #ADSLG ??       #95industries A post shared by  Faitout Maouassa (@faitout_) on Mar 8, 2020 at 2:21pm PDT Undoubtedly the biggest risk on this list is 22-year-old Rennes defender Faitout Maouassa, who enjoyed a fantastic season with Ligue 1's surprise packages.Rennes boasted the second-best defensive record in the league this year, and Maouassa's form was a key part of that. Despite his small frame, the Frenchman loves throwing himself into tackles and aerial battles, and wins a lot more than you'd expect.Teams across Europe are taking notice of Maouassa, who has just one year remaining on his contract, and Chelsea would be wise to keep a close eye on any developments.