Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy has confessed he will protect the club in the transfer market this summer, with star striker Harry Kane's future one of several issues to be addressed. Kane has stressed his desire to leave the club this summer after another year of failing to compete for major silverware, but Levy is prepared to dig his heels in and will not humour any bids of less than a whopping  £150m from suitors Manchester City, Chelsea and Manchester United. Speaking to SpursTV, Levy admitted to being sympathetic with Kane's concerns but, without naming any names, he stressed that he will not do any business that does not benefit the club. "I am never going to talk about any specific player in public," Levy said of Kane's situation. "All I will say is his frustrations in not winning are shared by me and all the fans and players. We all want to win. "One of the items that Fabio [Paratici] will have to deal with when he comes in is which players are going to be retained, which will be asked to look for other clubs. There is a market out there. What we want and what other clubs want is not always possible to achieve. We will do whatever is right for the club. "Fortunately for us it is long-term and we are in a good financial position in that sense. We have not been getting the revenues we had hoped for from our stadium and as a consequence we have to be careful over the coming years and be prudent. "Our duty is to protect the club even though we want to win. We will spend but we are a self-sustaining club, we have to be sensible. "Sometimes the fans think we should be spending but there have been circumstances when the coach hasn't wanted to spend on a player. We will make investments in the squad." As for Kane, he did his best to ignore the speculation about his future when quizzed by the BBC, instead focusing on the task at hand with England. "I'm sure I'll get asked about it a lot but my most important thing is trying to win a major tournament with England," he said (via football.london). "The rest of the stuff will happen obviously when I get back from the tournament but for now that's all I'm focused on.