Nottingham Forest have completed the signing of Manchester United and Sweden forward Anthony Elanga on a permanent transfer. Elanga broke in the United first-team in 2021 under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer but has found consistent game time difficult to come by. It is thought that Forest have paid  £15m for the Swede, with a long-term contract signed until the summer of 2028. "It's a pleasure to be here. It's a proud moment, not only for me, but for my family as well. It's the perfect next step for me in my career, it's a big step and I'm really looking forward to playing in front of the Forest fans at The City Ground," Elanga said. "I had interest from elsewhere, but for me, Nottingham Forest feels like the perfect place. I've been here with United, and from the minute I stepped out for the warm-up, I could hear them from the changing room. It's a special place, but being here with Forest, I feel like it will be even more special." feed Elanga, 21, had earlier posted his own statement bidding farewell to his now former club. "Making my debut, playing over 50 times for the first team, scoring in the Champions League and winning a trophy for this incredible club," he wrote. "If you told me that all of that would happen when I arrived in England at 11 years old I would have been buzzing. "There are so many players and staff that have played a major role in helping to make those dreams become a reality and supported me into developing into the man that I am today. I will be forever grateful to each and every one of you. "From the moment that I watched a game from the Stretford End as a young boy I   ve known that United fans are special. We   ll always have    Rhythm is a dancer   . It meant the world to me and my family every time that we heard that chant. There are not enough words to properly thank you for the unbelievable support. It is the right time now for the perfect next step in my career. I   m someone who lives for football and I need to be on the pitch every week doing what I love."