Manchester United still have the opportunity to do more transfer business thanks to the domestic extension of the summer window, allowing comings and goings from the EFL until Friday 16 October. But while a deal for Watford winger Ismaila Sarr, which was much talked about earlier this month, is highly unlikely, United could yet send a handful of players on loan to clubs in the Championship, League One or League Two in order to better expose them to first-team opportunities. James Garner, Dylan Levitt and Matej Kovar have already started loans at Watford, Charlton and Swindon respectively. Elsewhere, Tahith Chong is spending 2020/21 in Germany with Werder Bremen and Aliou Traore has gone to Caen in Ligue 2. D   Mani Mellor might have been among them until suffering an ACL injury in August. Teden Mengi, who turned 18 in April and made his United debut in the Europa League against LASK, is a player who also might have been considered for a loan in different circumstances, but for the developing crisis at the centre of defence and just how highly rated he is already. Midfielder Ethan Galbraith was capped at senior international level by Northern Ireland 13 months ago and enjoyed a promising 2019/20 campaign with United   s Under-23s     that included games in the EFL Trophy against senior opposition and a very brief first-team outing against Astana. The 19-year-old has not been involved much for the Under-23s so far this season and it might be that his immediate future lies away from Carrington to kick his development along.  Nathan Bishop joined United from Southend last January, having already played 31 times in League One during his career. But it seems something of a step back for the 21-year-old goalkeeper to now be largely limited to training. Bishop has had the benefit of being at Carrington for nine months and his training performances alongside first-teamers have been noted, but perhaps the time has come to head back to the EFL for game time - Ondrej Mastny and Jacob Carney have been preferred for the Under-23s. Ethan Laird has been on the fringes of the United first-team since last season and played twice in the Europa League group stage. He was later promoted to the senior squad again towards the end of the season during    Project Restart   , although didn   t feature in a game. The teenage full-back dropped back to Under-23 level, but has since been brought back into the first-team for a third time. Competition for places is fierce, however, especially with former Under-23 teammate Brandon Williams able to play on both sides. Timothy Fosu-Mensah made his first United appearance in three years during    Project Restart   , a firm sign that Diogo Dalot, who has since joined AC Milan on loan, had been frozen out. The Dutchman will turn 23 in January and needs regular games that he won   t get by staying. This requires a delicate balance. Starting for a Championship club could be perfect for Fosu-Mensah, but he would likely only be able to leave if Laird doesn   t, and vice versa. As things stand, Laird has far more prospects of a long-term future at Old Trafford. Although Teden Mengi will stay put and command a place in the first-team squad this season, Di   Shon Bernard is a centre-back that could be loaned out if the right opportunity is there. He started against Astana last season and is once more starting regularly at Under-23 level.