Latter-day Maurizio Sarri has evolved into the grumpy idealogue of the footballing world. "All this transfer talk does my head in, there's nothing more dull than that," the former Napoli and Chelsea manager sniffed while in charge of Lazio. But based on the unrelenting churn of the rumour mill, it appears sulky Sarri is in the minority. The excitement of endless possibilities conjured during the transfer window outstrips the underwhelming reality of the regular season for many fans - only a handful of clubs harbour any realistic hopes of winning a trophy, and even fewer actually lift any silverware. However, every club has the chance to make a clever addition in the off-season. Here are some of the best snapped up by Premier League sides this summer. Kovacic won't bring anything Manchester City haven't seen before but with the departure of Ilkay Gundogan to Manchester City, Pep Guardiola needed a solid all-rounder to come in.City took advantage of Chelsea's summer fire sale by picking up Croatia international Kovacic, who won his fourth Champions League with the Blues having previously won three with Real Madrid.His injury record is a worry but Kovacic shouldn't have any issues gelling with the squad at the Etihad. Unai Emery has grand aspirations for Aston Villa and has been reunited with defender Pau Torres, who played under the former Arsenal manager at Villarreal.Torres joins Tyrone Mings, Ezri Konsa and Diego Carlos as centre back options for Villa but the Spain international's  £31.5m arrival suggests he's nailed on for a starting berth.Torres knows what it takes to win in Europe as a Europa League winner in 2021 and will be targeting more continental success as Villa compete in the Europa Conference League. A few viral clips of Sandro Tonali visiting St James' Park and looking glum certainly shone a light at Newcastle's new-found pulling power over clubs like AC Milan.The Magpies' evolution is a little ahead of schedule with Champions League football on the menu for the first time since 2002/03 but with Italy international Tonali's arrival they have added another level of depth to midfield.He's not the finished article yet but his role in the Rossoneri's Serie A title win of 2021/22 shows Tonali may well live up to some early Andrea Pirlo comparisons. Mikel Arteta needed to add greater quality in depth to his Arsenal backline this summer and has done exactly that in drafting in former Ajax defender Jurrien Timber.The Netherlands international is capable of slotting in across the back four and won't get caught out by any high pressing thanks to his ease in possession.Timber was part of the Dutch squads for Euro 2020 and the 2022 World Cup and arrives with two Eredivisie titles in his cabinet. In what was the worst kept secret of the summer window so far - if there are any secrets these days - Mason Mount left boyhood club Chelsea for Premier League rivals Manchester United.The England international was a frequent presence in the starting XI when the Blues won the Champions League but became somewhat of a divisive figure at Stamford Bridge. He was a frequent goal threat, totting up 33 strikes in 195 competitive appearances.For a guaranteed  £55m with  £5m in potential add-ons, Man Utd have acquired a hard-working midfield who should be able to gel well with Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. Fans throughout Europe have long tracked the progress of Dominik Szoboszlai, who first popped up as a youth prospect with Salzburg.Rubbing shoulders with the likes of Erling Haaland and Takumi Minamino in Austria and Christopher Nkunku, Emil Forsberg and Dani Olmo later at RB Leipzig, Szoboszlai enjoyed prolific partnerships in attack at both franchise clubs before Liverpool met his  £60m release clause.The Hungary international has all the desirable characteristics of a Jurgen Klopp midfielder and all eyes are glued to see how well he settles at Anfield. James Maddison was one of the players plucked from the bargain bucket of relegated clubs, joining Tottenham from Leicester in a  £40m deal.The attacking midfielder has the exact profile of playmaking Spurs have been lacking in recent seasons, bringing a threat from set pieces and a creative mindset not previously encouraged in north London.He may have to figure out how he and Harry Kane co-exist - if the striker remains at Tottenham - but the potential link-up play with Dejan Kulusevski and Son Heung-min is dreamy. Chelsea have been burned before when signing a Bundesliga forward on the back of a goal-laden season with a lofty reputation.However, Christopher Nkunku possesses a more well-rounded game than the speed-merchant Timo Werner and - at  £51m - doesn't represent the same tier of financial investment as Kai Havertz. After the last game of Brighton's season, Roberto De Zerbi hailed Alexis Mac Allister as one of the team's 'big, big players' capable of playing 'in a big, big European team'. Liverpool snapped up the 24-year-old early in the window, ensuring that Mac Allister will have a full pre-season to get embedded into Klopp's team.With the experience of working under De Zerbi and Graham Potter on the south coast, Mac Allister is no stranger to demanding tactical briefs. The World Cup winner offers versatility, energy and end product.At an initial fee of just  £35m, potentially rising to  £55m in time, Mac Allister could even prove to be the bargain of the summer.