Pep Guardiola has the unenviable task of trying to improve on near perfection. His Manchester City side won the Champions League, Premier League and FA Cup last term and the Spaniard will have his eye on replicating his team's success next season. Based on the evidence of last season, there is very little City need to do in the transfer market. More of the same will be the message from Guardiola, who clinched his 12th major trophy at the Etihad with the club's European success.  However, if you stand still in football you will be sorely punished and City have already made moves in the transfer window this summer. Mateo Kovacic has replaced the departing Ilkay Gundogan, while a deal for RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol edges closer to completion. That's a good start for the Sky Blues but let's have a look at where else Guardiola can strengthen his side this summer. With Kyle Walker's contract expiring in just under a year's time and Joao Cancelo seemingly heading out the Etihad exit door, Guardiola could be short on the right-hand side of his defence. If both were to leave, Rico Lewis would be the coach's only option. While City are keen to extend Walker's deal amid interest from Bayern Munich and will likely receive a hefty fee for Cancelo, the European champions will be keen not to leave their dealings too late in the window. Lewis may be a fantastic young talent, but he isn't ready to be starting 50+ games a season for the Cityzens. One man linked with Manchester is Paris Saint-Germain's Achraf Hakimi. A sensationally gifted and attack-minded right back, the 24-year-old would undoubtedly be a great addition to City's ranks, although a transfer would be difficult to pull off due to the Moroccan's high price tag. One of the worst kept secrets in recent transfer windows has been Guardiola's admiration for Leipzig defender Gvardiol. The 21-year-old's meteoric rise to Bundesliga stardom has thrust him into the dazzling spotlight of the transfer merry-go-round and he now seems set for a big-money move to the Premier League champions. The left-footed centre back would command an eye-watering fee, with Leipzig wanting a nine-digit sum for their starlet. Guardiola is never shy of splashing the cash for the right player and given the Croatian defender's age, technical prowess and physicality, he's a no-brainer signing for any club that can afford him. While City appear well-stocked in the centre of defence, Gvardiol's ability to cover Nathan Ake's role as a left-back/centre-back depending on the occasion makes him a desirable asset. Team this with Aymeric Laporte's likely exit in search of more regular minutes and it's obvious why Guardiola is so keen to bring the phenom to Manchester. When Guardiola needs someone to rely on in the big games, he always calls on Bernardo Silva.  This was epitomised in the second leg of the club's Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid last season, with the 28-year-old rewarding his manager's faith with two goals and a stunning all-round performance in a 4-0 victory. However, his time at City may be coming to an end as PSG, Barcelona and clubs in Saudi Arabia attempt to lure him away from the Etihad. While not a traditional central midfielder, often featuring in an attacking role or on the left flank, Silva is more productive in central areas and his versatility has proved crucial to Guardiola.   If the Portugal international is to leave, City will need someone to fill his boots. That, of course, could be Phil Foden who is expected to play in a more central role moving forward, but that would leave Guardiola needing cover on the left wing. Guardiola could call on his compatriot Gabri Veiga to help strengthen City in Silva's absence. The Sky Blues hold an interest in the 21-year-old who enjoyed a sensational season at Celta Vigo last year and a  £34m release clause makes him an affordable prospect. At that kind of price, Veiga could be one of the value-for-money picks of the summer. feed It is hard to believe Riyad Mahrez will turn 33 in February. The Algerian has never relied on pace, instead using his light frame and excellent close control to punish opponents, chopping in on his favoured left foot and unleashing all the quality he possesses with one stroke. However, the winger's influence is just slightly starting to wane. Less assured of a starting berth, his minutes are naturally being more closely managed due to his advancing age. Mahrez has been linked with a move to Saudi Arabia this summer - albeit like most players - but even if the attacker stays on at the Etihad, City should still be lining up his successor. This becomes even more significant if Silva were to depart as well, leaving the Cityzens short on the right-hand side. A right-sided player who favours his left foot would be required, but there are no reports linking City with an extra forward yet this window. That could all change, however, as the new Premier League season edges closer.