Manchester United are looking to strike a deal for Ecuadorian midfielder Moises Caicedo as part of their continued effort to snap up the world's brightest young talents. United have invested heavily in unproven young players for the last few years. The  £9m signing of Hannibal Mejbri in 2019 was one of the more high-profile additions, and the club also spent in excess of  £40m to bring in Facundo Pellistri and Amad Diallo during the summer. It seems as though Caicedo could be next, and numerous reports have suggested that United are looking to get a deal for the 19-year-old over the line in the coming weeks. It started with Ecuadorian journalist Marco Lopez Castillo, whose revelation was soon backed up by Argentinian outlet TyC Sports, who note that club officials are incredibly high on the Independiente del Valle starlet. The interest in Caicedo has now been confirmed by the Manchester Evening News, who add that United are hopeful of landing the teenager as soon as possible to ensure he is not caught out by new work permit regulations which will soon be introduced in the Premier League. ?   ?? 18 year old Moises Caicedo with this spectacular golazo to seal the points for @IDV_EC in the #Libertadores! pic.twitter.com/Ec0BTMCj79 Caicedo has already racked up 31 senior appearances at club level and was handed his debut for the Ecuador national team back in October. He has since earned four caps for his country, impressing in victories over Uruguay, Bolivia and Colombia. He's the sort of high-potential youngster which United have worked to snap up ever since Nicky Butt's arrival at the academy in 2016. Their transfer strategy has accelerated dramatically in the last few years. Alongside Diallo and Pellistri, United also struck deals Marc Jurado, Alvaro Fernandez, Alejandro Garnacho, Willy Kambwala, Joe Hugill, Logan Pye and Isak Hansen-Aaroen to bolster their youth ranks. The club used to prioritise signing players between the ages of 23 and 28, but the hope is now that United can steal a march on their rivals by snapping up these young talents earlier in their career and helping them develop into superstars at Old Trafford. Caicedo appears set to be next in line, and given he has made no secret of his dream to join United, it looks like this one could be pretty simple.