Milan supporters must be sick to death of hearing about players' expiring contracts.  After moving on from the circus that surrounded Gianluigi Donnarumma and Hakan Calhanoglu's 'will they, won't they' debacle only recently, a fresh nightmare has surfaced already.  The Serie A giants lost two of their most important stars in the summer, with Donnarumma walking away from the club who gave him everything to join Paris Saint-Germain, and Calhanoglu crossing the city to don the colours of arch rivals Inter.  And just when it couldn't get any worse, Frack Kessie's contract has ticked into its final year, with few signs of an extension on the horizon.  The Ivorian has previously said he'd love nothing more than to stay at San Siro, but Milan have made a habit of refusing to be held to ransom by greedy agents, so they could allow another superstar to leave without recouping any sort of transfer fee.  Insert Dodgeball 'It's a bold strategy Cotton, let's see if it pays off for them' GIF here.  Kessie could be off then, but where should he go? 90min has drawn up a list of his most suitable destinations - and ranked them, of course.  One thing that we can't deny, is no matter how bad Barcelona's finances are, it doesn't stop them from trying to sign players. You have to admire that blind commitment to financial mismanagement. Kessie would provide some much needed physical power and dominance to their midfield and as a free transfer, he would fall into the category of 'viable business'. The 24-year-old's wage demands could be an issue though, as was the case with the collapsed deal to sign Georginio Wijnaldum in the summer. Suitability rating: 4/10 Who wouldn't want to see Kessie carrying out the commands of Diego Simeone? Atletico Madrid have announced themselves as a force both on and off the pitch over the past 12 months, winning La Liga and making the signings to match that achievement. The departure of Saul has left some space in the heart of their midfield, and Kessie's ball-carrying skills and box to box energy would fit nicely in their squad. There will be more tempting offers on the table for Kessie however, and the style of football could be a touch unappealing. Suitability rating: 5/10 One of those more attractive offers could come from Chelsea. The loan signing of Saul suggests that the Blues are in the market for a new midfielder, despite their current pool of talent. N'Golo Kante's recent injury issues could concern Thomas Tuchel, and Saul's debut against Aston Villa will have provided more questions than answers. Kessie would be a wonderful partner for either Jorginho or Kante, but whether he'd be guaranteed regular minutes is debatable. Suitability rating: 5.5/10 Real Madrid are undergoing a revolution on the pitch, with the returning Carlo Ancelotti tasked with getting the most out of their ageing players, while ushering in a new era. Eduardo Camavinga's arrival is a step in the right direction for Los Blancos, and Kessie would add even more steel and vibrance to the centre of the park. He's certainly got the ability to play at that level, and a move to the white half of the capital is harder to turn down than the red and white half. Suitability rating: 6/10 Manchester United are in desperate need of a new holding midfielder - and Kessie is not it. The Ivorian is not the man to anchor your midfield or protect the defence, but he will break up play when he's not bombing between the lines. Basically, he won't solve that particular problem, but should Paul Pogba decide to run down his own contract too, then he could fill a hole in the centre of the team. Kessie would offer more in the midfield pivot than Fred, and alongside Scott McTominay he could thrive in the Premier League. Suitability rating: 6.5/10 In terms of Premier League clubs who need a midfielder in Kessie's mould, Liverpool may top that list. The bustling, high-pressing football would suit Kessie down to the ground, and he would comfortably replace Wijnaldum in that squad. Jurgen Klopp has struggled to get the best out of Thiago Alcantara so far, and it's no secret that James Milner is approaching the final knockings of his career. So, this would be without doubt an excellent fit, and one that would provide a much-needed fresh face at a low cost for the Reds. Suitability rating: 7/10