Barcelona have made fresh contact with Manchester City's Bernardo Silva, confirming their ongoing work behind the scenes to put together a deal to sign him, sources have confirmed to 90min. City have already informed Silva and his entourage that they do no want to sell him this summer and have outlined their plans to make him one of the highest paid players at the club alongside Kevin De Bruyne and Erling Haaland. However, with Barca's interest reigniting, 90min understands Silva has again made it clear to City and Guardiola that he would like to leave the club - the Portuguese international said the same 12 months ago but was asked to stay for another season, at which point the Premier League champions would look at letting him leave as long as their valuation of around  £80m was met. But the departures of Riyad Mahrez and Ilkay Gundogan have seen City change their stance on Silva and now insist they can't afford to let him leave, even if a club agree to meet the valuation - something Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain have already indicated they would be willing to do. Now Barca, who are set to pocket nearly  £60m from the sales of Ousmane Dembele and Franck Kessie, are trying to package together a deal that will convince City to let Silva go, having previously thought a deal was unattainable because of their precarious finances. feed Barca are also locked in talks with City over the future of Joao Cancelo, who has agreed personal terms, and they hope they can come to agreement that will take both Portugal internationals to Catalonia this summer - but sources have told 90min that as it stands City will not sell. Speaking after City's Community Shield defeat to Arsenal, which featured Silva from the start, manager Pep Guardiola was asked about his future and also that of Bayern Munich target Kyle Walker, who also featured at Wembley.    He   s [Walker] super important for us. Hopefully he can stay. We have one more year of contract, it's not the end so if someone wants him they have to talk, like Bernardo Silva. We want them to stay. They are so important for us," the Spaniard said.