Paris Saint-Germain are prepared to part ways with midfielder Renato Sanches just one year after signing him from Lille, sources have confirmed to 90min. The 25-year-old has managed to resurrect his career in France over the last few years following underwhelming spells at Bayern Munich and Swansea City. Sanches played a starring role in Lille's 2020/21 Ligue 1 triumph, and after spending one further season with Les Dogues, he completed a    13m move to PSG last summer. His signing was largely influenced by PSG's sporting advisor Luis Campos, who he had worked under at Lille. Prior to the move, Sanches was also courted by a number of Premier League clubs, and 90min understands that significant interest from England remains. Aston Villa, Liverpool, Newcastle, Tottenham and Wolves are all believed to appreciate Sanches and are being kept informed of his situation. AC Milan, who pushed for but failed to complete the double signing of Sanches and Newcastle's Sven Botman from Lille last summer, are also keen on a deal for the midfielder. Sanches has made just three starts for PSG in Ligue 1 since his arrival, playing just 652 minutes for Les Parisiens across all competitions. READ NEXT manual Sanches was brought in as part of a new PSG transfer strategy, pivoting away from big name signings and focusing on the development of younger players with promise. However, with PSG caught between those two eras, they have failed to kick on. Sanches has also suffered a number of injuries over the course of the season, while there is a continual lack of balance in Christophe Galtier's midfield due to a lack of variance in his squad. It's hard to properly assess players of Sanches' calibre at PSG because of the continual circus which casts a dark cloud over the club, though there remains a lack of evidence that he is capable of playing for a side who want to consistently contend for top honours. Sanches' injury record is also a concern - he has never played more than 25 games in a league season. LISTEN NOW