Newcastle United have agreed a transfer fee with Southampton for full-back Tino Livramento, sources have confirmed to 90min. It is understood the deal is worth around  £35m to Southampton with another  £5m in add-ons, although a sell-on clause will means at least 40% is due to former club Chelsea. Livramento is now due in the north east for his medical ahead of putting pen to paper on a long-term contract which is already agreed. Newcastle have been wanting to bolster their full-back option this summer and Livramento emerged as their top target. The 20-year-old can play on both sides, whilst current right-back and Kieran Trippier can also switch to the left offering additional options to Eddie Howe. The Livramento deal will represent Newcastle's third major transfer of the summer following on from the captures of AC Milan's Sandro Tonali and Leicester City's Harvey Barnes. Overall, it takes their spending for this transfer window through the  £100m barrier.  90min understands that a right-sided centre-back and a 'number 10' remain in their sights. Financial Fair Play (FFP) issues are a consideration for Newcastle and are anxious not to breach the regulations. But they are exploring additional options such a possible loan deals with mandatory fees which will allow them to circumnavigate some of those concerns. feed 90min can also confirm Newcastle are also continuing to work hard on finalising a new contract for Brazilian star Bruno Guimaraes. The 25-year-old has been in talks over a new deal and personal terms are not seen as a major issue. However, the talks have stalled and Guimaraes himself recently admitted that he was not sure where the deal was and Howe is pushing for Newcastle to get it done. Howe said: "There is no doubt in my mind about his future. We would love Bruno to extend his time with us for a long time. I'm not party to those talks every day. Those talks are ongoing and Bruno knows how we feel about him. He's very happy here. We hope there's a solution to be found."