Tottenham Hotspur and Brentford are no closer to reaching an agreement over a transfer fee for David Raya, sources have told 90min. Spurs had been searching for a long-term successor to Hugo Lloris even before their club captain revealed last month that he would look to leave this summer. 90min has long reported that Raya has been among their top transfer targets, with new head coach Ange Postecoglou recently giving the green-light to pursue the Spain international. And while Tottenham and Raya are closing in on an agreement over personal terms, 90min understands that Brentford's valuation of the goalkeeper is proving troublesome for Spurs. The Bees have continually insisted that they would be happy to sell Raya, who is out of contract next summer and will not sign a new one, for  £40m. However, Tottenham are someway short of that figure. Brentford technical director Lee Dykes recently revealed that Raya is free to jump ship so long as this price tag is met. "We sat in front of David and said listen, 'If you go beyond us, then that's the time for you to go'," Dykes said on The Beautiful Game podcast. "I think he's one of the best in the Premier League which puts him one of the best in the world. He's in a really good moment as a goalkeeper and he's well within his rights to say, 'Maybe I want to explore my options'. That's fine. No probs. "We signed him again in 2019, that first summer. I'd seen him come through his loan spells in the lower leagues and really develop at Blackburn. It was a great deal for us but effectively we've had a plan for him and we're okay with that. "We'll replace him if we need to replace him or he'll sign a new deal and stay. What will be will be. We have to understand that at Brentford, like Brighton, there are bigger clubs at there that can hunt for these players and we're always of the mindset that if we help them get to the very top level, we've played our part. "As long as the club's remunerated adequately for any potential transfer, I'm sure Phil [Giles, director of football] and Matt [Benham, club owner] will make the right decision." READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed It was then put to Dykes that head coach Thomas Frank had been asked about selling Raya for  £20m. "Did he laugh?" Dykes retorted. "Listen, the market sets itself. This summer will be a big goalkeeper market, there's a lot of goalkeepers that will be available. Phil and Matt will assess the valuation at the time. My point at David Raya is you need to pay double because he can play number ten. You get two positions." 90min first reported in March that Brentford would be willing to let Raya run down his contract if they do not receive an acceptable offer this summer.