Bayern Munich board member Uli Hoeness has admitted it would be 'crazy' for the Bundesliga side to get stuck in a bidding war for Tottenham striker Harry Kane. Kane is entering the final year of his contract with Spurs and faces a major decision on his future after another season without silverware, with the England striker openly admitting that he wants to play for a club who can compete for trophies. Bayern have long been keen on Kane and have not shied away from discussing the 29-year-old, but they are by no means his only suitors as Manchester United are looking at a summer deal for Kane as well. 90min understands Kane would prefer to remain in England if he does leave Tottenham, with a view to breaking the Premier League's all-time scoring record, although Spurs are adamant he will not join a domestic rival. That's an obvious boost for Bayern but Hoeness has now warned Spurs they will not overpay for any player. "I think the transfer is totally crazy," Hoeness told Abendzeitung. "He's a great player, no question about it, but these are amounts that I would never pay as president." He later added to Sky Deutschland: "I'm one of nine members on the supervisory board who have a say in the executive committee when it comes to large expenses of over    25m. I can imagine that, one day, a player would go to Bayern who costs around    100m, but I've already given my opinion on the Kane case. "He's almost 30 years old and last year, Tottenham rejected Manchester City's    160m offer. I said it would be crazy if Bayern approached such a transfer.    I would give my private opinion. I   m one of nine and if the other eight say he   s going to be bought, then he   s going to be bought. That   s how it is in a democracy.    READ NEXT manual 90min revealed in January that, given his age and expiring contract, Bayern would value Kane at a little over the    50m sum for which they sold Robert Lewandowski to Barcelona last summer. Lewandowski, 33 at the time of his move, also had one year remaining on his contract and so Bayern are understood to believe Kane should not cost much more. Currently, Bayern are reliant on Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting in attack and recently tied the 33-year-old down to a new contract as a reward for his sensational form - 17 goals in 26 games - but the plan remains to try and lure Kane to the Allianz Arena at the end of the season. Spurs have not yet given up hope of convincing Kane to sign a new contract but the England captain is known to be frustrated with the club's direction and will have to make a decision by the end of the summer. LISTEN NOW