90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Harry Kane would prefer to join Real Madrid ahead of Bayern Munich and Manchester United this summer. He has just one year left to run on his Tottenham contract. (Relevo) Real Madrid have now made signing Kane as their new striker their top priority for the summer transfer window. (AS) Though they will chase Kane, Real Madrid will also have Karim Benzema on their books next season after he rejected an offer to join the Saudi Pro League. Fellow Frenchman Randal Kolo Muani of Eintracht Frankfurt has offered his services to Los Blancos too. (Marca) Manchester United have agreed to pay    60m to sign Kim Min-jae from Napoli once the summer window opens. (Il Mattino) Kim's signing could see club captain Harry Maguire deemed surplus to requirements, and Manchester United will try and offer him as part of their bid for Chelsea's Mason Mount. (Daily Mirror) Chelsea have identified Moises Caicedo and Manuel Ugarte as their primary midfield targets. The duo could cost the Blues in excess of  £130m. (Guardian) READ THE TRANSFER RUMOURS OF THE PAST WEEK HERE manual Also on the way out of Brighton could be Alexis Mac Allister, whose father will fly to England to negotiate a deal with Liverpool this weekend. (Fabrizio Romano) Arsenal have agreed personal terms with Declan Rice over a move to the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners have been tipped to submit a bid to West Ham after next week's Europa Conference League final. (Football Transfers) Real Madrid are expected to confirm an agreement to sign Jude Bellingham from Borussia Dortmund next week. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona could make another swoop to take Joao Felix off of Atletico Madrid's hands following his unsuccessful loan spell at Chelsea. (SPORT) Manchester City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan is also closing in on an agreement to join Barcelona on a free transfer. (SPORT) Manchester United are willing to part ways with midfielder Fred this summer, potentially bringing an end to his five-year stay at Old Trafford. (Football Insider) Sergio Ramos has confirmed that he will leave PSG after their final game of the season against Clermont Foot on Saturday. (Official) LISTEN NOW