Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has insisted that Erling Haaland is happy at the club and is not going to leave for the sake of it this summer. Haaland is understood to have a release clause of around  £68m which will only become active in 2022, but in an attempt to win the race for his signature earlier, several sides across Europe have been tipped to launch bids which would well surpass the  £100m mark. Recent talk has revolved around interest from Chelsea, Manchester United and Real Madrid, while 90min understands that Manchester City are considering a mammoth bid that would include Dortmund team-mate Giovanni Reyna. A deal will be extremely to pull off this summer, particularly given Haaland still has three years remaining on his contract, and Zorc has warned suitors - like he's done previously with Jadon Sancho - that Dortmund are not looking to give him up easily.    It is clear that Erling Haaland cannot, does not want to, and will not switch to just any other club after his time at Borussia Dortmund," he said in a press conference (via AS). 3... 2... 1... kickoff! ? pic.twitter.com/4t0ANIRLq9    We are very happy that we have Erling here, and happy that he has been scoring more in recent matches and has proved his worth for us. We continue planning with him. I don   t think he feels uncomfortable at Dortmund. We assume that we will achieve our goal of qualifying for the Champions League in the end. I have no doubt about this and whatever happened, Erling would continue with us." Despite Zorc's insistance, that Champions League qualification could well prove key. Not only would it be tough to keep Haaland without the allure of Europe's top competition, but Dortmund are thought to be reliant on prize money from the competition to keep paying their in-demand stars. If Dortmund do miss out, there will be plenty of European sides to take advantage. Chelsea are expected to be one of Haaland's primary suitors, and Bild fuelled the fire recently by suggesting that it is owner Roman Abramovich who has his sights set on the Norway international. Abramovich is said to have 'given the green light' to a mega move for Haaland, although Dortmund doubt that the striker would swap Signal Iduna Park for Stamford Bridge as it stands.