Bayern Munich are keen to sign Chelsea forward Kai Havertz this summer, 90min understands, with Blues teammate Mason Mount also on their radar. Former Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel was recently unveiled as Bayern's new manager, replacing Julian Nagelsmann, and the Bundesliga giants have wasted little time in getting started on their summer transfer plans. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Bayern officials have asked Tuchel about a possible summer move for Mount, who will be sold this summer if he continues to reject Chelsea's offers of a new contract. While Mount's situation is being followed, the England international is not understood to be among Bayern's top targets for the summer, with Havertz ahead of him on the German side's wish list. Bayern have long been interested in Havertz following his emergence as a star with Bayer Leverkusen and have tracked his progress ever since his    80m move to Chelsea in 2020. 90min understands that Bayern see 23-year-old Havertz as a long-term replacement for veteran forward Thomas Muller, who will turn 34 in September, and there is a confidence that Havertz is keen to make the move this summer. In a recent interview with Bild, Havertz admitted it would 'clearly' be difficult to reject Bayern and also expressed his interest in reuniting with Tuchel. "Bayern is a huge club and for me, especially as a German, it's difficult to say no - but my goal has always been to play abroad and see a new country," he said. "Definitely!" Havertz added when asked whether he would want to work with his former boss again. "You never know what will happen in football. Everything can happen very quickly. Never say never." feed Chelsea are in no rush to lose Havertz but may be forced into making a decision at the end of the season as the German enters the final two years of his contract at Stamford Bridge. 90min previously reported that Chelsea are keen to avoid any players entering the final 24 months of their deals and club officials are prepared to authorise sales for any unhappy players who may threaten to leave on free transfers. Should Havertz push to leave this summer, Chelsea may have to listen as the Blues must sell a number of players in their bloated squad. On top of the impracticality of such a large group of players, Chelsea are also aware that funds need to be raised after an expensive year of signings which could end without any Champions League football. Chelsea also still have plans to make further signings and are keen to sign a new striker, with Napoli's Victor Osimhen an expensive top target to join alongside the imminent arrival of Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig, and selling Havertz would go a long way to helping Chelsea fund a move for the Nigerian. LISTEN NOW