It was confirmed on Monday evening that the sale of Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven to Liverpool was complete, reportedly for an initial fee of  £37 million. Add-ons should take that to around the 45 million range, a very respectable price for a player with 12 goals and 14 assists in 19 appearances for PSV this season. But do Liverpool actually need him? Much has been made of Gakpo's fit - initially with a potential move to Manchester United in mind but now with Jurgen Klopp's squad. As a right-footed, left-sided forward, he will certainly have competition for a starting berth at Anfield but that was always going to happen. He's too good not to be joining a Champions League-level squad with serious attacking talent across the front line.  Let's break down what role he fills and whether he actually solves any problems for Liverpool.  First things first. In the short term, Gakpo is a quality replacement for Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota, who are both out through injury. Their timelines are complicated but Jota is expected back in February while Diaz could be out until March, or even later. Getting Gakpo in before the January transfer window opens is therefore an incredibly smart bit of business from Liverpool. He should be ready to hit the ground running immediately and provides much-needed cover as a left-sided forward, number 9 or even a number 10. The stats show that he's able to provide goal contributions in spades (albeit in the Eredivisie), he's an excellent set-piece taker and given his height and movement, he's a serious threat getting on the end of crosses too - catnip for Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson. Off the left is clearly the Dutchman's best position, for now, but it wouldn't be a surprise to see him develop into a well-rounded striker given his physical attributes, aerial ability and off-the-ball work. His versatility, too, gives Klopp options. Darwin Nunez is arguably more of a wide forward than a centre forward, meaning that Gakpo could take up the central role and the pair could then switch as and when during a game, dragging defenders around, causing disruption and countering any marking schemes their opponents might have. Given that Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain started on the left of the front three against Aston Villa on Monday, the need for an immediate solution was made apparent. In Gakpo, they've found an instant and cost-effective one, who could well turn out to be far more.