Manchester United's pursuit of Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho is growing more and more frustrating with each passing day. With the German side refusing to budge from their    120m asking price, United have been forced to consider other options, and it has been confirmed to 90min that a loan move for Gareth Bale has been suggested inside Old Trafford. A lot has been said about the Welshman's future in recent days, and here's the latest on it all. With his prospects of first-team action in Madrid dwindling, The Times state that Bale is interested in making the move to United on loan. However, the Welshman would only agree to move to Old Trafford if the finances on the deal were right for him, suggesting he doesn't want to miss out on a penny of his  £600,000-a-week wages. Real are prepared to subsidise some, so it could come down to just how much United would pay. It's seen as an outside option, with Bale accepting it's an unlikely scenario, but it's one that he has refused to rule out. Ah, the fun of rumours.  While The Times might be positive, the Daily Mail are pretty negative when it comes to summing up Bale's future plans. He is not thought to be keen on leaving on loan, and Real continue to push for a permanent exit anyway. Los Blancos' financial demands have scared off United, who would prefer to see Bale's contract terminated so they could land him for free. ?? New kit vibes    @adidasfootball pic.twitter.com/kDgfixVAgs Marca suggest that Real are doing their best to try and forget Bale even exists by leaving the winger out of all press photo shoots and kit releases. Despite Bale being one of the biggest names signed to adidas, who also sponsor Real, he is nowhere to be seen in the pictures of the new kits, but there are plenty of images of Nike athletes like Sergio Ramos and Marco Asensio. Scandalous. He's the only high-profile player to not have been photographed working in the gym, suggesting Real are more than a little eager to offload him this summer. Zinedine Zidane and Florentino P  rez are said to be 'praying to Saint United' for the Red Devils to swoop in and take Bale off their hands, according to Sport. A loan exit is seen as the most-likely solution, but it will all come down to finances. Bale will not give up any of the money he is contractually owed, but United are not prepared to cover all that by themselves.