Paris Saint-Germain football advisor Luis Campos has claimed that Kylian Mbappe has not told him or club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi that he wants to leave in January. 90min understands that 23-year-old Mbappe is unhappy at the Parc des Princes as he believes the club have broken a number of promises made to him when he signed a three-year contract extension earlier this summer. Mbappe shocked the world in May when he decided to extend his stay in Paris, turning down the opportunity to join Real Madrid in the process, but tensions have quickly escalated in the French capital. The relationship between player and club is understood to have broken down enough for Mbappe to want a move away from the club in January, although it would be difficult for any club to facilitate a move mid-season. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is aware of Mbappe's unhappiness, with his relationship with the Frenchman remaining cordial despite Los Blancos' advances being sensationally spurned in the summer. However, football advisor Campos, who arrived at PSG this summer alongside head coach Christophe Galtier, has told French TV station Canal Plus that Mbappe hasn't informed him of a desire to leave in January, nor has he spoken to club president Al-Khelaifi. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  are joined by  Tom Gott  in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Erling Haaland's Manchester City release clause, Mason Mount's future at Chelsea and their sporting director plans, and what the future could hold for 700-goal Cristiano Ronaldo at Man Utd. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! "I am with Kylian Mbappe every day," Campos said. "He has never talked to me about leaving in January. "It's not a statement from the player, it's [from the press], and to have such information before a match like this is very serious. That's why I'm here, to deny and say clearly that Kylian Mbappe has never spoken to me or to the president [Nasser Al-Khelaifi] to leave PSG in January."