Manchester United will hold talks with Dean Henderson next week, with the goalkeeper keen to return to Old Trafford as long as he has a fair chance of becoming the club's first-choice stopper ahead of the struggling David de Gea. United number one De Gea put in a woeful display as Chelsea overcame the Red Devils 3-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on the weekend, the latest in a series of error-strewn performances for club and country over the last two years. As a result of the Spaniard's poor form, there has been much talk about the role Henderson, who is currently on loan at Sheffield United, could play next season. The 23-year-old has enjoyed a very impressive season, keeping 13 clean sheets so far in the Premier League in 2019/20.  ?    "[David] knows he should save that one 100 times out of 100 but that's football for you."Ole is sticking by his player, but do you think next season will see a change of United's first choice keeper? ? A number of fans have called for the Englishman to replace De Gea as number one for United next season, while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could perhaps instead bring Henderson back to compete with De Gea in 2020/21.  The Daily Mail now report that Henderson and his representatives will sit down for talks with Man Utd officials next week in order to discuss a potential new and improved contract, as well as his future.  Henderson, who is a United fan, is 'ready' to return to Old Trafford at the end of this season - but he is looking for assurances that he will be made the number one for the upcoming campaign.  With Henderson looking to impress ahead of next summer's Euros, he is keen to play at a higher level than he already is, as long as he gets the game time he is searching for.  The Manchester Evening News further report that Henderson is indeed 'desperate' to play for Man Utd, but if the club cannot commit to making him the first-choice, he will look elsewhere. Chelsea have been interested in his services for a while, with manager Frank Lampard still yet to be convinced by Kepa Arrizabalaga.