Tottenham Hotspur are in talks with Galatasaray over the potential sale of two first-team players, sources have conformed to 90min. Spurs are looking to trim down their squad for new head coach Ange Postecoglou and ahead of a season in which they will not be competing in European football for the first time since 2009/10. 90min reported last month that Davinson Sanchez had been granted permission to discuss a move away, with Strasbourg and Spartak Moscow interested in his services. Talks are ongoing with the Russian club over a move, but they now face competition from Turkish side Galatasaray, who recently bolstered their ranks with the high-profile addition of Wilfried Zaha. Sanchez has other suitors from the Premier League too, with Fulham, Nottingham Forest and Wolves all making enquiries to Spurs. Galatasaray have also been offered the chance to bring in Tottenham's club-record signing Tanguy Ndombele. The France midfielder spent last season on loan at Napoli, helping them win Serie A, and he is now seen as a possible alternative to Manchester United's Fred by Galatasaray. Ndombele was set to feature on Spurs' pre-season tour of Australia and Asia, but sustained an injury prior to their first friendly and has only just returned to training. feed Lazio are on the verge of signing free agent Daichi Kamada after AC Milan backed out of a deal last month. The Rossoneri had been expected to sign the Japan midfielder from Eintracht Frankfurt but pulled the plug following a shake-up among their transfer decision-makers. Tottenham and West Ham held talks with Kamada's representatives about a move but both ultimately stopped short of offering him a contract, and he will now put pen to paper on a contract with Lazio. A superb summer for Bournemouth is set to continue with the signing of Fiorentina midfielder Gaetano Castrovilli for a fee that could reach  £13.7m. The Cherries have ousted competition from Serie A giants Inter and Lazio for his signature, while Napoli had also made enquiries earlier this window. Castrovilli will arrive in England to undergo a medical on Friday and seal his move to the Vitality Stadium. While Fiorentina will lose Castrovilli, they will add Yerry Mina to their squad following his release from Everton. The Colombia international has completed his medical and will serve as a replacement for Igor, who recently signed for Brighton & Hove Albion. Fulham had held talks with Mina regarding a move but he is heading to Italy instead.