Sadio Mane   s representatives have been told by Liverpool that they will have to wait until the summer for a new contract offer, 90min understands. 30-year-old Mane is out of contract in 2023, though as yet he has not received an offer of a renewal by the Champions League finalists. An offer is set to arrive, however, in the coming months, once Liverpool's season ends. The club are chasing an unprecedented quadruple. Mane is in a similar boat to fellow Reds forward Mohamed Salah on the contract front, with the Egyptian also out of contract in 2023, though their demands differ. Salah is looking to be made the highest paid player at the club and his situation is far more uncertain as it stands. Mane's demands are not as drastic as those coming from Salah's camp, though he is looking for a raise on his current terms.  90min have been told that last year Mane   s representatives were asking for a deal that would take him ahead of Virgil van Dijk, who is currently the highest paid player at the club. The Dutchman is currently  earning around  £220,000 a week, though with yearly increments that figure will soon increase to close to  £250,000. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss mounting interest in Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. There's also updates on the contract situations of Sadio Mane, Reece James, Pep Guardiola & Kylian Mbappe, Marcus Rashford's next moves and Manchester United's interest in Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. It is believed Mane would like around  £250,000 to  £300,000     which would make him the highest paid player out of the current squad. Club owners Fenway Sports Group have so far been unwilling to meet Salah   s demands, and it remains to be seen to what extent they will be willing to negotiate with Mane. FSG sanctioned the purchase of Luis Diaz in January from Porto and the Colombian has made an instant impact. The ownership now believe that Jurgen Klopp can transition the squad into the future following his confirmed contract extension to 2026 last week, though it could mean the team moves forward without either Mane or Salah - or even both.