Bernardo Silva has been offered a huge contract to follow in the footsteps of Karim Benzema, N'Golo Kante and others by joining the Saudi Pro League, 90min understands. The 28-year-old has signalled his intention to leave Manchester City this summer in search of a new challenge, having won every competition available to him after last season's treble. Silva is under contract at the Etihad Stadium until 2025 and remains a hugely influential figure for Pep Guardiola - his importance was highlighted by a brace of goals for City against Real Madrid in their Champions League semi-final second leg encounter. 90min understands that City are willing to facilitate an exit this summer providing they receive an offer of around  £75m for Silva, which wouldn't be a problem for the cash-rich Saudi Pro League. And sources have told 90min that Silva has received a contract offer from the Middle East worth around  £80m-a-year - an astonishing figure that could earn him the equivalent of  £220,000-a-day. manual But despite the riches on offer to Silva and many others, 90min further understands that his current preference is to stay and compete in Europe. Barcelona is his ideal destination and the player's camp have held talks with La Blaugrana about a potential transfer. But it's unlikely the club will be able to raise the funds needed to pry him away from City, leaving Paris Saint-Germain leading the chase for Silva. The Ligue 1 giants are willing to meet City's price tag and have the financial firepower to offer him a wage increase on what he's earning in Manchester.  Silva has held productive talks with sporting advisor Luis Campos but will only make a decision on his future once he knows who is succeeding Christophe Galtier as the club's head coach - Luis Enrique is the candidate PSG hope to now appoint after talks with Julian Nagelsmann fell through. The Portuguese international has prior experience of playing in Ligue 1 following a three-year stint with Monaco. He was part of the young side that toppled PSG and won the French title in 2017, earning him a  £43.5m move to City.