Real Madrid, Chelsea and Manchester United have all registered an interest in Inter striker Lautaro Martinez, who is expected to leave Italy after Saturday's Champions League final, 90min understands. The 25-year-old is enjoying the best season of his Inter career, racking up 21 goals and seven assists in Serie A, and will hope to add to his tally when the Nerazzurri take on Manchester City in the European finale in Istanbul. Europe's financial heavyweights have long been keen on Martinez, but sources have now confirmed to 90min that the Argentine's representatives have spoken to a number of clubs to inform them that Martinez is ready for a new challenge this summer. Chelsea and United, who have been following Martinez's career for years now, have registered their interest in a summer deal but they will have to fend off interest from Real Madrid if they are to bring him to the Premier League. Like the English duo, Real are long-term admirers of Martinez but Los Blancos have ramped up their interest in recent days as they prepare for a dramatic overhaul in attack. feed Karim Benzema, Eden Hazard, Marco Asensio and Mariano Diaz have all left the club this summer, leaving Real Madrid on the hunt for significant reinforcements. Chelsea's Kai Havertz is under consideration but concerns over his asking price have prevented any approach thus far. Real Madrid's preferred striker target is Tottenham's Harry Kane, who is also at the top of United's wish list, but 90min understands that Spurs are determined not to sell the England international this summer, forcing both clubs to look elsewhere. As such, the two clubs are exploring all their options and Martinez, who Inter expect to depart the club after the Champions League final, is emerging as a viable target not only for United and Real Madrid, but also for Chelsea. Mauricio Pochettino's side, who are following Kane's situation in their own search for a new striker, are in near-constant contact with Inter over various issues, namely Romelu Lukaku's future and their interest in goalkeeper Andre Onana. The Blues' stance on Martinez has also been discussed. Napoli's Victor Osimhen is another of significant interest to the two Premier League sides but his price tag is expected to be well over    100m.