Kylian Mbappe's future has been the story of the 2023 transfer window, and on 24July we got the biggest development thus far.  90min understands that Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal have offered a world record  £259m, with a  £600m per annum salary, in order to sign the French superstar this summer.  Those are very, very, very big numbers.  Along with that bid, news also broke regarding interest from elsewhere too. Real Madrid, Liverpool, Barcelona, Chelsea, Manchester United, Inter and Tottenham (yep) have all also been linked.  So after processing all of this astonishing info, we at 90min have decided to rank the feasbility of a move to every club that have been linked with Mbappe:  Yes, Tottenham Hotspur have actually been cited with an interest in signing Mbappe this summer. Judging by their notorious frugality in the market there is considerable doubt that they'd fork out the necessary fee to sign Mbappe, and due to their failure to qualify for the UEFA Champions League, we doubt Mbappe would actually want to go there even if they splashed the clash. Still, Spurs fans it's ok to dream. Feasibility: 0/10  Inter recently walked away from talks over the permanent signing Romelu Lukaku due their unwillingness/inability to pay more that  £30m for the Belgian striker. Therefore it is rather hard to imagine they'd consider matching Al Hilal's  £259m bid for Mbappe this summer. The fact that they're at least in the UEFA Champions League makes this move ever-so-slightly more feasible than one to Tottenham. Feasibility: 1/10  #Mbappe2023? The whole of Liverpool Twitter was convinced that Mbappe was set to join their beloved club in 2020 and, as expected by everyone outside of the Liverpool Twitter bubble, that move didn't materialise. Now in 2023, although it would obviously be fun to have Mbappe on the books at Anfield, it would perhaps be wiser for the Reds to focus on signing new midfielders as opposed to a new forward. Feasibility: 3/10 A huge club in dire need of a superstar striker?In a lot of ways, a move to Manchester United makes sense for the 24-year-old. Unfortunately for all parties, however, any move likely would rely on a takeover of the club by either Sir Jim Ratcliffe or Qatar going through as soon as possible - something which does not seem likely at this stage. Feasibility: 5/10  feed Barcelona's monetary issues have been well documented in recent years, with the need to potentially sell players this summer in order to re-sign Lionel Messi being a key reason why that deal fell through. Now they're eyeing a move for the heir to Messi's 'greatest footballer in the world' throne. That doesn't quite add up, right? How can they afford that? How can they even think they can afford that? Well, according to L'Equipe, Xavi Hernandez's side are keen to swap a number of players with PSG in order to make a move happen and, depending on the players offered, that could be an enticing proposition for the Ligue 1 champions. Feasibility: 6/10 - A club keen to splash the cash? Check.- An owner looking to sign a superstar marquee name? Check.- One of the biggest clubs in the world? Check. So why only third on this list? A severe lack of UEFA Champions League football, that's why. Feasibility: 7/10  Al Hilal have made a world record bid of  £259m to sign Mbappe, and offered the forward a rather astonishing pay packet of  £600m to join the club for a single season.Yes, that is quite a lot of money...to say the very least. 90min understands that PSG are keen to accept this bid but are also aware that Mbappe may not be. And while he isn't currently keen, the fact that a move to the Saudi Pro League still leaves the door open for the French World Cup winner to join Real Madrid as a free agent in 2024 may be enough to convince him of joining the Saudi club. Feasibility: 9/10 The one club that Mbappe actually wants to sign for. Mbappe has his heart set on a move to Los Blancos. Be it this summer or next as a free agent, it's hard to imagine that the French superstar doesn't get his wish of playing for Real Madrid in the very near future. Feasibility: 10/10 