New Tottenham Hotspur head coach Ange Postecoglou has given the green light to some of the club's summer transfer plans, sources have told 90min. Postecoglou's move from Celtic to Spurs was confirmed on Tuesday morning, with the 57-year-old signing a four-year contract in north London. He will be the first Australian to ever manage in the Premier League. Though Postecoglou will officially begin work on July 1, he will be consulted on footballing operations throughout June and has already been given the lowdown on key areas that will look to be strengthened during the transfer window. 90min understands that Postecoglou is happy for Spurs to continue their pursuit of England midfielder James Maddison, who was relegated from the top-flight with Leicester City at the end of the 2022/23 season. At this stage, Tottenham are only in direct competition with Newcastle United for Maddison, though the Magpies can boast the lure of Champions League football next season. Club captain Hugo Lloris revealed last week that he plans to leave Spurs this summer and so Postecoglou agrees that a new starter is necessary. manual Brentford's David Raya remains high on Tottenham's shortlist, though they are reluctant to meet the Bees' public  £40m price tag. The Spain international has just one year left to run on his contract and Brentford have already signed a successor in Netherlands stopper Mark Flekken.  90min previously reported that Inter's Andre Onana is an option for Tottenham and though this remains the case, rival interest from Chelsea will complicate any pursuit of the Cameroonian. At least one new centre-back is also a priority for Tottenham this summer, with Manchester United's Harry Maguire and Manchester City's Aymeric Laporte among their targets. Meanwhile, 90min understands that Celtic are fearful that Postecoglou will attempt to take some of his star players during his time at Parkhead down to England. The Hoops believe that striker Kyogo Furuhashi, winger Jota and midfielder Reo Hatate - who were all brought to Celtic during Postecoglou's tenure - could be subject of approaches by Spurs. LISTEN NOW