Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has admitted for the second time that playing for Real Madrid in the future is a    dream    for him. But he has also pledged his immediate future to United, insisting his only focus is on helping the Old Trafford club and his own comeback. Having previously labelled Real Madrid a    dream    move in in March 2019 and just three months later admitting he would be open to a    new challenge   , Pogba   s future was the subject of much speculation throughout the 2019/20 season. Those rumours of an imminent departure were only fuelled when troublesome foot and ankle problem ruled him out of most of the campaign, with outspoken cynics alleging that he may have been overplaying his injury as he no longer wished to play for the club. Real Madrid at some point for Paul Pogba? ? pic.twitter.com/H4yP5dxTHK Those theories appeared to be debunked when Pogba did return to action during    Project Restart    in June and July and helped United achieve what had previously been an unlikely third place finish in the Premier League and subsequent return to the Champions League. In August, agent Mino Raiola, a man who had previously done little to dampen the Real Madrid gossip, even stated that a new contract was on the horizon and talks would begin    soon   . But with United making a poor start to the new season and the club hierarchy overseeing a disastrous transfer window that underdelivered, the subject of Pogba   s future has once more been raised during the international break when players are usually more available for media questions.    I heard a lot of noise that I was going to leave and that I had to go to clubs on the right to the left. Today I am still at Manchester and I am fighting to try again to bring the club to the highest level,    Pogba is quoted as saying by RMC, committing himself to United. The 27-year-old explained that talks over a new contract have not started. But he is relaxed about the situation, choosing to focus on his own form, and expects they will soon.    I prefer to be focused on playing and especially my recovery,    he said.    I have not spoken with Ed Woodward or about a renewal. For now, I am in Manchester and I mainly think about getting back to the best of my form. I think there will be a moment when the club will come and talk to me and maybe offer me something, or not. So far, nothing has happened.    As for a move away and perhaps playing under French legend Zinedine Zidane at Real Madrid?    We have all heard, things have been said. Yes, all football players would love to play for Real Madrid. It might be a dream. It is a dream for me, why not, one day,    he said.