90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have accepted an offer from Al Hilal for Neymar. (RMC) Alternatively, Neymar is excited about the possibility of rejoining Barcelona. (SPORT) Manchester United have approached Bayern Munich over signing Benjamin Pavard. (Sun) Real Sociedad have supposedly dropped their interest in out of favour Manchester United midfielder Donny van de Beek. (Mundo Deportivo) Ex-Manchester United captain Harry Maguire is yet to agree personal terms with West Ham on his proposed switch to east London. Odilon Kossonou is a  £30m alternative. (Sun) Moises Caicedo's proposed contract with Chelsea is set to run until the summer of 2031 with an option for a ninth year. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United have had a scout watching Nice pair Jean-Clair Todibo and Khephren Thuram, the latter already heavily linked with Liverpool. (Get French Football News) Ahead of his move from Brentford, David Raya was spotted walking through the media mixed zone at the Emirates Stadium after Arsenal beat Nottingham Forest in their season opener. (football.london) manual Brighton are tipped to go after Leeds midfielder Tyler Adams to replace Caicedo. (Independent) Other "leading Premier League clubs" have also now been alerted to Adams being available once more. (The Athletic) Barcelona are close to agreeing a deal with Manchester City for Joao Cancelo that would take the form of a loan with option to buy. (Relevo) Kasper Schmeichel could return to the Premier League to join Chelsea as a replacement for Kepa Arrizabalaga if he completes a loan move to Real Madrid. (Guardian) Tottenham have been tipped to break their transfer record to sign what is described as an "A-list replacement" for Harry Kane after he joined Bayern Munich. (Football Insider) West Ham star Lucas Paqueta has been dubbed the top transfer priority at Manchester City following the injury suffered by Kevin De Bruyne in the club's season opener. (talkSPORT) Manchester City are also hoping to sign Belgian winger Jeremy Doku as a replacement for Riyad Mahrez after he left for Saudi Arabia. (Mail) West Ham are expected to make an offer for Montpellier forward Elye Wahi, who is also linked with Chelsea and Eintracht Frankfurt. (L'Equipe) Former Chelsea and Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic is tipped to leave Roma after a breakdown in his relationship with Jose Mourinho. (Mirror)