90min  rounds up the latest  Manchester United transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are ready to rival neighbourhood rivals Manchester City in the pursuit of Bayern Munich full-back Benjamin Pavard. The Frenchman is looking to move on from the Bavarian giants and has been targeted a potential replacement for Kyle Walker at City, who may be heading the other way. However, United may step in to the mix, alongside Serie A giants Juventus. (Sky Germany) David Alaba has emerged as a surprise transfer target for Manchester United, though there's uncertainty over whether United can afford to sign the Austrian and push through a move for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund. Any deal for the Real Madrid defender is likely to cost upwards of    50m ( £42.5m). (Todofichajes) Manchester United will only allow Scott McTominay to leave the club if they receive a substantial offer this summer. The Scottish central midfielder is one of the players manager Erik ten Hag is willing to let go of this summer, and is attracting interest from West Ham. But the 26-year-old won't come cheap if the Hammers are to prise him away on a permanent basis. (The Mirror) Bayern Munich are considering a move for former Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea, as they look for somebody able to not only compete with Manuel Neuer for a starting berth but potentially succeed him in the future. De Gea recently left Old Trafford after 12 seasons at the club. (Bild) Manchester United  are willing to keep hold of  Anthony Martial  as a backup striker despite an initial desire to offload the Frenchman. The 27-year-old has endured a nightmare run of injuries and featured in just 21 Premier League games last season, having spent the second half of the 2021/22 campaign on loan at Sevilla.  (ESPN) feed Harry Kane would prefer to join Manchester United over Bayern Munich this summer, as he wants to stay in England to break Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League goalscorer record. The 30-year-old has just a year remaining on his contract in north London, but Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is proving difficult to negotiate with as he bids to avoid a sale at all costs. (Football Insider) Manchester United will need to pay  £25.8m to Fiorentina to have any chance of signing Moroccan midfielder Sofyan Amrabat. The World Cup star played a key role in helping the Italian side reach the final of last season's Europa Conference League final, and is ready to move on to the next stage of his career. United have opened talks but face competition for his signature from Atletico Madrid. (BirminghamLive) A move for Amrabat could be accelerated by Galatasaray agreeing a fee with United for Brazilian midfielder Fred. The Turkish giants have already seen one offer turned down by United, but Ten Hag is willing to sell him this summer to fund other transfer business. 30-year-old Fred has already agreed terms with Gala and has been of interest to Fulham and clubs in Saudi Arabia. (Sky Sports)