For the neutral, watching Juan Foyth play football must be such exhilarating entertainment. Why? Because whenever he plays, something really, really ridiculous happens. And yet, there's still a part of your average Tottenham fan that thinks, 'That Foyth has something about him, y'know.' The Argentina international - no, really, he's accumulated ten caps since his debut in October 2018 - hasn't persuaded Jose Mourinho of his ability since the Portuguese replaced Mauricio Pochettino in November. And, in all fairness, he's had his chances. In December, with just 17 minutes on the clock in a Premier League fixture at Norwich, Foyth wandered into the middle of the pitch, looking for an outlet to get an attack started. The theory behind that is grand. Foyth is 100% a ball-carrying centre back with a decent range of passing, so it makes sense. But he didn't find a teammate. Instead, he was fairly decked by Emiliano Buendia, leaving a gaping hole in Tottenham's defence which Mario  Vrancic ran into, slipping the ball past Paulo Gazzanigga for the game's opener. Foyth didn't last the whole game. In classic Mou style, he was hauled off at half time alongside Jan Vertonghen for Lucas Moura and Davinson Sanchez. He hasn't played for Tottenham since, and news of a loan move to Leeds looks like the ultimate win for Spurs. While there might be a good central defender in there, Tottenham can't allow the 22-year-old opportunities in the first team if he consistently makes mistakes which throw game plans out the window. Take the game at Bournemouth last season, for example. Tottenham were in the middle of a horrific run of away form and had already seen Son Heung-min sent off for a petulant push aimed at Jefferson Lerma. Foyth then came on at half time in place of Toby Alderweireld. Most Spurs fans probably weren't relaxed by his introduction, and barely three minutes later he was trotting down the tunnel having been given his marching orders. Again bringing the ball out of defence, Foyth overran the ball and slid in on Jack Simpson with his studs high. He was rightly dismissed, Spurs were down to nine players and eventually lost 1-0 to a late Nathan Ake winner. While he is capable of producing some terrific displays - his performance in the 1-0 win at Crystal Palace last season being the standout example - more often than not a rush of blood to the head results in Tottenham going down a man or conceding a very avoidable goal. It does seem somewhat implausible that Marcelo Bielsa, one of the best managers in the game on the cusp of bringing Leeds back into the top flight, would want anything to do with a player with such a record. But it's not as if Leeds would be doing Tottenham a favour in signing Foyth. Ben White has been widely lauded for his showings at Elland Road this season, but his loan from Brighton will end at the conclusion of the campaign, and the Yorkshire outfit will need a replacement. Assuming they are promoted, Foyth would come with Premier League experience - albeit with a shaky reputation - as well as a glowing recommendation from Pochettino. The former Spurs boss is known to be a massive admirer of Foyth as well as Bielsa. Bielsa played a large role in signing Pochettino for Newell's Old Boys during the latter's playing career, and also included Poch in his Argentina squads during his time as La Albiceleste manager. The respect and love is still there. The prospect of working with Bielsa may prove too good for Foyth to turn down, especially if they are promoted. He would likely feature regularly while learning under the former Athletic Club boss, with his status as a Premier League player still in tact. Leeds United could unearth a gem in Foyth. He's not had a regular run of games at any point during his Tottenham career, so the mistakes he has made when he has played can be attributed to a lack of match practice.