The agent of Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland, Mino Raiola, has confirmed that the German side's determination to keep hold of the Norwegian will not stop him exploring all his options. Raiola has been jetting around Europe for talks with some of the game's biggest clubs recently, all of whom are plotting big-money moves for Haaland. He has already met with Barcelona and Real Madrid, and he is expected in England soon for talks with Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City. Dortmund have repeatedly stressed that they do not want to sell Haaland this summer. Director Michael Zorc recently told Sportschau:    I like to stick to what the contractual basis looks like and how the direct talks went last week. We have a very clear plan to go into the new season with Erling.    Despite that determination, Raiola confessed to Sport1 that he wouldn't be doing his job as an agent if he wasn't constantly on the lookout for options for Haaland. "I can confirm that I was in Dortmund for talks, Raiola began. "Michael Zorc made it clear to us that BVB do not want to sell Erling this summer. I respect that opinion, but that does not automatically mean that I also agree. BVB were very clear in their views, and we are okay with that. "There is no war between us and BVB - absolutely not! The relationship with Zorc, Hans-Joachim Watzke and Sebastian Kehl is still good." Raiola also took the opportunity to dismiss reports suggesting he is searching for a huge fee for his services or Haaland has been demanding an enormous salary. 90min exclusively revealed earlier in April that such rumours were fictitious, with negotiations with clubs simply focusing around sporting projects at the minute. "There is a lot of nonsense written about me," Raiola said of the reports. "But I don't care. I will never talk about talks or negotiations in the media. I only talk about that with my players, their families and the respective clubs." ? Fewest number of games needed to score 20 Champions League goals:      1  £4  £ Erling Haaland       2  £4  £ Harry Kane       2  £6  £ Alessandro Del Piero       2  £7  £ Ruud van Nistelrooy       2  £8  £ Filippo Inzaghi #UCL pic.twitter.com/5TYweaObkS Raiola will continue his Europe-wide search for suitors for Haaland, although whether the striker will move this summer remains up in the air.