The January transfer window is finally upon us as we enter the new year and Premier League clubs are looking out for potential bargains to boost their squads. Just ten points separating 16th and 5th in the table, meaning a successful signing in the winter window could even be the difference between a relegation scrap and a European finish. As usual, the Championship has been entertaining, with several quality players plying their trade in England's second tier. But which of those players are best equipped for a potential move to the elite? Let's take a look... Clubs he'd fit in at: Arsenal, Leicester, TottenhamIt's not often that a player goes from the Championship to one of the Premier League's biggest clubs, but if anyone deserves to it's Emi Buendia. The Norwich playmaker has been in excellent form this season with six goals and six assists so far, while e proved his worth in the Premier League last season too.With a reported asking price of around  £20m, he's affordable and would add creative quality and squad depth to any squad he joins. Clubs he'd fit in at: Man City, Man Utd, SouthamptonAnother who stood out for Norwich during their doomed season in the Premier League last term, Aarons has continued to shine since the club's return to the Championship. Fast, strong, excellent going forward and sturdy defensively, the England Under-21 international would be excellent depth and competition for one of the top six. He's more than good enough to hold down a starting place himself though, where his attacking talents can flourish most. With the Saints looking for a new full-back, they could do worse than looking down a division for their best option. GOAL FOR THE BEES! ?Sergi Canos picks out Josh Dasilva who slams it past Darlow.Watch live on Sky Sports Football ?Follow online here ? https://t.co/3ACSMnmZK0 pic.twitter.com/deV9dtIErj Clubs he'd fit in at: Brighton, Crystal Palace, West HamJosh Dasilva came through the Arsenal academy but left for Brentford to secure first-team football and has excelled ever since. Only 22 years old, Dasilva has a big frame and is technically sound enough to be a stand-out performer in the division above already.Brentford are known to let their players leave for the right fee - though mid-season during another promotion push might raise his price tag just a bit. ?? #OnThisDay in 2019 Isma  la Sarr became our record signing!Enjoy his best moments so far... pic.twitter.com/Vzafgq3Rq3 Clubs he'd fit in at: Arsenal, Everton, LeicesterThe man who ended Liverpool's unbeaten season last year, Sarr has dropped down a division this year with Watford but is certainly good enough for the top level.He maybe hasn't got enough goals or assists this season to warrant a potential  £40-50m fee that was touted last summer, but his overall performances have been fantastic and he is a big part of the reason as to why Watford are in the playoff places.Pace, skill and youth on his side, Premier League clubs should be queuing to get him on board. Clubs he'd fit in at: Burnley, Crystal Palace, West BromAn old school centre-back, Dael Fry has been excellent under Neil Warnock at the Riverside this season.23 years old, Fry has won an impressive 7.1 aerial duels per game this season - second for defenders in the division. At 6ft tall he's not a giant, but he is positionally sharp and capable of reading the game well.Palace's defensive options are ageing while Burnley could look to replace James Tarkowski before he leaves and Fry would be a typical Sam Allardyce defender. One to keep an eye on. Clubs he'd fit in at: Fulham, West Ham, WolvesSkilful, youthful and versatile, Josh Koroma has come through the Football League pyramid and blossomed at every level.He joined Huddersfield from Leyton Orient after winning the National League and has lit the second tier up in an inconsistent side.At 22, the young attacker has plenty to learn and improve on but in a side where he would be encouraged to use his shooting and passing skills he could step up yet another level.