Manchester City's 2020 report card reads: "must try harder."  Carabao Cup victory aside, the Citizens have endured an underwhelming year. They surrendered the Premier League title with a whimper before blowing their best ever chance of reaching a Champions League final, bowing out to lowly Lyon in the quarter finals.  The rot has continued into the current season as well, with Pep Guardiola's side currently trailing leaders Liverpool by some distance. 2021 needs to be a better year and it all begins with the January transfer window. Here's five moves City should be making next month. The fact that Guardiola remains so reliant on a 35-year-old to this day speaks volumes of @fernandinho's remarkable versatility and world class talent.??????? ?? ????? ????? | #W2WC He may be 35 and turning 36 in May, but Fernandinho is still a world class operator.The truth is City are still somewhat reliant on the timeless Brazilian, making the fact that he will be free to discuss pre-contract agreements with foreign clubs in January a scary prospect.Guardiola has already indicated he is keen for Fernandinho to stick around and it is now time to put his words into action. Who knows, maybe he's even got two seasons left in the tank? A player of Kevin De Bruyne's indescribable talent should never have only two and half years remaining on his contract.Even with City looking strangely toothless in attack at times this season, De Bruyne is still leading the Premier League in goal creating actions per 90 minutes at the time of writing.To put it simply, he remains at the centre of everything City do going forward. To stave off the unlikely chances of the Belgian departing for a knockdown price in a few years, City should tie him down on a long term deal this January.  As 90min told you earlier this month, Oleksandr Zinchenko's City future is uncertain.While the club do not want to force him out, they are willing to listen to offers for the Ukrainian with Southampton, Leicester and West Ham interested. Wolves - who attempted to sign him back in 2018 - are also in the race.As Guardiola has clearly decided to back Benjamin Mendy over Zinchenko for some reason, City should look to move the latter on as quick as possible. They can ill afford any off-field distractions as they seek to close in on the top of the Premier League table. 