Everton are in talks over a potential deal for Manchester United winger Anthony Elanga, 90min understands, with the Swede also attracting interest from a number of other Premier League clubs, as well as those in the Championship and Turkish giants Galatasaray. Elanga turned 21 in April and has been a permanent member of the first-team squad at Old Trafford since 2021. He has made 55 senior appearances to date, including 26 this past season. But the former Jimmy Murphy Young Player of the Year only started five times in the Premier League and not at all in 2023, coinciding with the emergence of Alejandro Garnacho. He also failed to find the net and registered just two assists, always difficult with limited minutes off the bench. With competition for wide places ahead of 2023/24 coming from the increasingly important Garnacho, as well as Marcus Rashford and  £160m duo Jadon Sancho and Antony, Elanga may find opportunities increasingly hard to come by. Erik ten Hag also has Facundo Pellistri at his disposal, while Noam Emeran pushed himself into contention with a goal and assist in pre-season this week. 90min understands that Everton are eyeing a permanent transfer for Elanga, although budgetary constraints could see their approach take the form of an initial loan with obligation to buy. The Toffees have signed only one player this summer and that is 38-year-old free agent Ashley Young. feed But Everton are not the only club keeping tabs on Elanga. Nottingham Forest have held talks of their own, with Fulham and Crystal Palace also watching the situation. Prior interest had come from the Championship, which has been a happy development league for fellow United youngsters Amad Diallo, Hannibal Mejbri and Alvaro Fernandez within the last 12 months     all three started and impressed in the Leeds friendly in Norway this week. Middlesbrough, Coventry, Stoke and Birmingham, the latter where Hannibal was based and with whom United have also previously done business over Tahith Chong, have shown interest. Galatasaray, crowned Turkish champions last season for the first time in four years, have had Elanga on their radar from a little further afield. Elanga has another three years left on the United contract he signed in 2021.