Tottenham are prepared to sell Erik Lamela this summer if he fails to convince manager Jos   Mourinho in the final nine games of the Premier League season. Since joining from AS Roma in 2013, the Argentinian has largely struggled to stay fit for extended periods in north London, and has only started three times in the Premier League since Mourinho arrived in November. In all competitions, he's scored four goals and has six assists to his name in 27 appearances. And according to Football Insider, the club are said to be willing to listen to any offers made for the 28-year-old, provided that he is unable to prove that he deserves another year playing at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. While team officials will give him the chance to force a change of heart in the final fixtures of the 2019/20 campaign, it is believed that an attractive offer would be enough for Spurs to part ways with the midfielder.  Yet it's difficult to imagine they will manage to sell Lamela for anything similar to the  £30m they signed him for, given that rival sides will not be prepared to spend huge amounts of money due to the coronavirus pandemic's impact on finances. Meanwhile, Spurs are growing confident of tying Eric Dier down to a new deal, with a growing belief that an extension will be agreed before the end of the season.  While the defensive midfielder has become a first-team regular under Mourinho, it was previously rumoured that the team were prepared to sell him if he was not willing to sign a new deal. And with the pandemic forcing teams to confront the reality of not being able to shell out on expensive signings, the Premier League outfit have recently begun negotiations with the player to further his stay in north London.  Another good week done, enjoy your weekend ?? A post shared by  Eric Dier (@ericdier15) on Jun 5, 2020 at 8:55am PDT Football Insider have since revealed that early conversations between the player and club have been positive, suggesting that an agreement will be reached for the 26-year-old to commit for the long-term.