Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has denied confirming to a fan on Twitter that the club   s longstanding pursuit of Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho is finally complete, alluding to his account being hacked when the key message was posted. United are getting closer and closer to securing a deal for Sancho after first taking interest in the player 2019 and failing to reach an agreement with Dortmund during talks last summer. Reports this week have revealed that talks are nearing a positive conclusion. But one fan thought they had been given the ultimate confirmation from inside the United camp when they asked Rashford to    announce Sancho    on Twitter. A reply from Rashford   s account simply read,    Yes x   , implying the deal was done. A little hack and I   m back. Morning all   ¥   ??????? However, that confirmatory tweet appearing to be from Rashford has since been deleted and the United man took to Twitter the morning after to clarify the situation.    A little hack and I   m back. Morning all,    he said. The Sancho deal is not done just yet but it is so close that it likely will be soon after England   s involvement in Euro 2020 is over. A report in Germany over the weekend suggested that United have reached an agreement with Dortmund at    85m ( £73.1m). However, details surrounding the exact payment structure and add-ons still need to be ironed out before Sancho can move to Old Trafford. Personal terms with the player himself are widely believed to have already been at least informally agreed, although COVID-19 protocols and biosecure squad bubbles will prevent things like a medical from being scheduled until he is no longer tied to England at Euro 2020. If England are to reach the final of Euro 2020, which is a real possibility after beating Germany in the last 16 on Tuesday to progress in the weaker half of the knockout bracket     a quarter-final against Ukraine and a potential semi-final against either Denmark or Czech Republic stands in the way     Sancho would not be released from international duty until 12 July at the earliest.