Valencia are bracing themselves for summer interest in midfield star Yunus Musah with a host of Premier League clubs ready to offer him a route back to England, 90min understands. The  20-year-old enjoyed a brilliant World Cup with the United States, helping them to the last 16. Valencia recognised his increased stature and opened talks over a new deal late last year, but talks have not yet produced an agreement. However, part of that has been due to the club's own struggles. Financially, the Spanish club are not in the best shape and fan protests against owner Peter Lim have ignited in recent months. Performances on the pitch have also played a part, with the club entrenched in a relegation battle in La Liga. The former back-to-back Champions League finalists are currently third from bottom and have recently appointed 2000s legend Ruben Baraja to try and save them from the drop. With all their issues, it is perhaps no surprise that Musah is now looking at his future. 90min understands he is now ready to move on from Valencia, haing joined in 2019 upon deciding to leave Arsenal's academy. He he could even soon be back in north London. feed Arsenal, as 90min revealed earlier this season, are one of the clubs keeping a close eye on Valencia and Musah's situation. The Gunners are very much in the market for a midfielder this summer and Musah is a player they already know, but also one they have been doing work on. Chelsea and Liverpool were among the clubs who were already keeping tabs on him before the 2022 World Cup, which only underlined his potential. They, like Arsenal, have both remained in contact with the player's representatives. Newcastle and Brighton, each hoping to offer European football next season to any prospective new arrivals, have also joined the list of interested parties. Musah has other options to remain in Spain too, as well as across Europe. Atletico Madrid are known to be admirers, whilst Borussia Dortmund, Eintracht Frankfurt and Wolfsburg also appreciate him.  Musah's current contact runs to 2026 with a release clause of    100m but given their issues on and off the field, sources have told 90min they would not be able to reject any sort of substantial offer.