Jos   Mourinho has said he knows what he would like to improve his squad in the transfer window, but insisted he doesn't need a dramatic rebuild to take the club to new heights.  Having started promisingly under Mourinho, Spurs have hit a slump recently, and a 3-1 defeat to Sheffield United left them sitting in tenth place in the Premier League with their European hopes dwindling.  Speaking to The Standard about potentially improving his squad in the weeks ahead, he said:    I don   t feel very comfortable to speak about [what I want] publicly. One thing is what I would like and, of course, Mr Levy knows what I would like. But I know the situation perfectly." Jose Mourinho just 8 months at Tottenham looks like he's aged 10 years atleast. pic.twitter.com/0FwbZcffZF He went on to compare the task ahead to the job Jurgen Klopp has undertaken at Liverpool, who won a first league title for 30 years last month. While the Reds required a dramatic rebuild to get there, signing 20 players in Klopp's five years so far, Mourinho insists Tottenham have a strong enough core not to require such extensive business.     Jurgen in Liverpool had the time to do this amazing work in these years,    Mourinho went on.    It   s a great example for many clubs. But only Divock Origi remains from the first line-up to the last line-up. I want to believe that in five years    time a Tottenham line-up will have much more than that from today   s team. In this team, we have lots of people of the right age, with the right quality, with the right ambition.    So I would say that in three, four, five years    time, the base of the team will still be around. Important players that are in the club now. That   s why I say we don   t need to make lots of changes. I believe we have an important nucleus of players. Happy birthday, @NHSuk ?Let's say #ThankYouTogether ? pic.twitter.com/rN0uAIXITK    The process is important, where some faces are leaving, some faces are coming and you try to rebuild something. Teams don   t last forever, of course." Concluding, the Portuguese boss says he empathises with fans' concerns - but called for patience as he looks to piece the club back together. 