AFC Bournemouth finished the 2019/20 Premier League season in 18th position, just one point from safety. The Cherries' relegation from the top flight was confirmed on the final day despite beating Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park. Howe's men required both Aston Villa and Watford to lose their final games, but Jack Grealish's strike secured Villa the one point they needed for survival. As Bournemouth return to the Sky Bet Championship for the first time in five years, there are some players who have caught the eye and could be returning to England's top flight with moves to Premier League clubs this summer. 90min takes a look at these players, who they could move to, and how much they are likely to cost. After making his Premier League debut in Bournemouth's opening 2019/20 fixture in a 1-1 draw with Sheffielf United, Ramsdale has enjoyed a solid first season in the division. The England Under-21 goalkeeper has made 129 saves throughout the campaign, ranking him third among fellow goalkeepers in the league - only behind Martin Dubravka and Tim Krul. With the likes of Tottenham and Chelsea on the lookout for new goalkeepers, the Bournemouth shot stopper will be viewed as a cheaper option when compared to other keepers in Europe.However, The Sun have recently suggested Sheffield United could be on the lookout for a new goalkeeper, with Dean Henderson set to return to Manchester United this summer. Ramsdale played for the Blades before moving to Bournemouth for  £1m in 2017, and a return to Bramall Lane could guarantee him first-team football - if Henderson were to leave, of course. Most suitable destination: Sheffield UnitedLikely cost:  £15m Ake became the Cherries' record signing in 2017 when the club spent  £20.5m to sign the Dutchman after a successful loan spell from Chelsea.According to The Guardian, Ake could join Manchester City this summer for around  £35m. Bournemouth do not have a relegation release clause in Ake's current deal, meaning they risk losing him for a fee below their previous  £40m valuation.The report suggests a deal is close, with Pep Guardiola in dire need of a relatively competent centre back.Most suitable destination: Manchester CityLikely cost:  £35m Since moving to the south coast in 2018 from Sheffield United, Brooks has been one of the standout players at the Vitality Stadium. The Welshman contributed seven goals and five assists in 2018/19, but then Brooks struggled with multiple injury issues in his second season at the club, and hasn't been able to find the consistency and levels of performance he reached in the season prior. According to the Evening Standard, Brooks is a target for Tottenham Hotspur in the upcoming transfer window.Most suitable destination: Tottenham HotspurLikely cost:  £10m