Aside from financial behemoth Bayern Munich, Bundesliga sides are not known for their lavish spending.  Although the German top flight may not be able to compete with the Premier League and La Liga in terms of fees and figures, their summer window has been no less intriguing.  There's been last minute drama, cheeky free transfers and several high profile loan deals. Here are the 10 best Bundesliga deals, ranked in descending order... We kick off our list with a somewhat unfamiliar name, Sebastian Andersson. The Swede starred for Union Berlin last season, averaging a frankly ridiculous 7.4 aerial duels won per game. The archetypal target man was snapped up by FC Koln in the summer and has already bagged a goal and an assist for the Goats. Replacing Achraf Hakimi was never going to be easy but Borussia Dortmund have managed to do a pretty good job of it. Bringing in proven right-back Thomas Meunier was impressive and managing to do it on a free transfer is even better.The Belgian rarely puts in below a 7/10 performance and clubs across Europe will be kicking themselves for missing out on such a good value deal.  Bayern Munich's pursuit of Alexander N  bel was typical of Die Roten's transfer approach over the past decade or so. Bayern have been hoovering up the Bundesliga's brightest talents for years and lightning has again struck with N  bel.The former Schalke man signed on a free recently and becomes the best backup keeper in Germany - and perhaps even the world. Although his Crystal Palace career was a farce, Alexander S  rloth has tasted success everywhere else he has plied his trade.Last season, he was a particularly rampant mood, racking up 24 goals and nine assists for Turkish side Trabzonspor.RB Leipzig's recruitment department have been performing miracles for some time. If anyone can cherry pick the player to replace Timo Werner, it's them.   Hoffenheim have top four ambitions this season but have been reserved in the transfer market, completing just two loan deals and a low cost move for Eintracht Frankfurt's Mijat Gacinovic. The pick of their business was a last minute swoop for Tottenham starlet Ryan Sessegnon. The 20-year-old has struggled somewhat since signing for Spurs and a spell in the Bundesliga offers him a chance to develop away from the English media's intense spotlight.  Dortmund moved quickly to exploit Juventus' summer clearout, making Emre Can's loan move permanent in the summer. The German international has bags of experience at the top level and will provide a calm and collected presence in midfield. He's also a great option at centre-back which is where he's been deployed so far this season.  After selling Kai Havertz to Chelsea for  £72m, Peter Bosz was given a hefty war chest to strengthen his Bayer Leverkusen squad. A  £24m chunk of said funds were used to bring in Patrik Schick from Roma.Although his spell in the Eternal City was largely unproductive, the Czech clearly knows how to score in the Bundesliga, netting 10 times in 22 games for RB Leipzig last season while on loan. With the transfer window drawing to a close, Bayern were in dire need of securing a fourth wideman to enter Hansi Flick's rotation. They eventually found the answer to this problem in the familiar package of former player Douglas Costa, who joined on loan from Juventus at the last minute. This deal makes perfect sense for Die Roten. Costa's Bundesliga record is fairly impressive and he will be happy to sit back to allow Serge Gnabry, Leroy Sane and Kingsley Coman take the lead.