Tottenham Hotspur are still refusing to set an asking price for star striker Harry Kane, sources have told 90min. Kane is the subject of intense transfer interest from Bayern Munich, who have already seen two bids knocked back by Spurs this summer. 90min previously reported that Kane's representatives have begun to put feelers out around Europe that he could be available with his contract up in 2024. However, 90min understands that Tottenham remain confident that he can be persuaded to stay in the long-term and have not been told by Kane's camp that this option is off the table. Reports from both England and Germany have suggested that Spurs may be tempted to move on from their all-time record scorer if a bid in excess of  £100m were to arrive, particularly if the payment structure was favourable to them. However, sources have told 90min that chairman Daniel Levy and the Tottenham hierarchy are still not entertaining the thought of putting a price tag on Kane. New head coach Ange Postecoglou met Kane for the first time shortly before the first-team squad jetted off for their tour of Australia and Asia, with the 57-year-old maintaining that one single conversation would not decide his future. 90min understands that Spurs are hopeful a positive relationship between the two will prove a major factor in deciding the striker's future. feed Postecoglou has admitted, though, that he is 'not relaxed' about the transfer saga and hope it can be resolved quickly one way or another. "Fair to say I am not relaxed about it! It's not something you go: 'Ah, well, you know if it does or doesn't happen!' I mean it's a very important part of this football club, not just the team, but the football club," Postecoglou said. "He is such a massive figure, and as I have said already, whilst my focus isn't on it on a daily basis because I've got other things I need to do, I know that every time I am talking to you guys, or whenever Harry is going to talk, that's the first question you are going to get. "So, you've got to deal with it, and I think, for everyone concerned, we don't want to be doing it for too long. I don't think that is good for anyone. I don't think it is good for Harry, I don't think it is good for the club, because as laser focused as we want to be, you end up sort of repeating yourself along the way. "But the flip side of that is I don't want to put a deadline on it, because that adds even more pressure. You want these things to happen for the right reasons. The reality of it is he's still a contracted player at our football club, so that   s the way I see him. "It's not like his contract is ending on the 12th [of August] and he's got to make a decision, he's got another year. So from that part, I am not relaxed but I am not putting pressure on him or anyone else at the football club, saying 'well we need to do this'. But I don   t think deep down any of us want it to go on for too long."