Tottenham Hotspur owner Joe Lewis does not want to lose Harry Kane for free in 2024 and has made his position clear to chairman Daniel Levy, 90min understands. Levy, who is employed by Lewis's ENIC Group to run Spurs, has been playing hardball with Kane in that he has not been willing to entertain any interest in his captain. However, Bahamas-based Lewis has made it clear to Levy that allowing Kane to leave on a free transfer in 12 months is not something he wants to see and has warned his chairman that the striker must be sold this summer if he does not agree to a contract extension. Kane's current deal is due to expire at the end of the coming campaign and, thus far, he has rebuffed Spurs' advances to sign a new deal, although in recent weeks Levy has made fresh approaches to his camp and made it clear he would be willing to make him the highest paid player in the Premier League. While Levy remains hopeful that Kane will be persuaded to sign a new deal, with new coach Ange Postecoglou key to those efforts, there is the option of selling him this summer and Bayern Munich are pushing hard to land the England star. Bayern, who have had two bids rejected already this summer, are determined to land Kane and believe that he does want to make the move to Munich this summer. 90min understands a third offer is set to come in. feed As it stands, Levy has refused to give a price to Bayern, despite them pushing hard and even holding face-to-face talks with him earlier this month, but German sources believe their next offer, which is set to be a club record deal worth around    100m ( £86m), will bring the Tottenham supremo to the table. Concrete interest from elsewhere has yet to emerge this summer, with long-term suitors Manchester United, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid all looking at other targets at this point. Despite Lewis' demand to Levy that he sell Kane if no new deal is on the horizon, the final decision ultimately rests with the striker himself and sources close to the Englishman have been keen to highlight their position. Kane is now in a position in which he holds complete control of his future as he is able to agree a pre-contract in just six months and there is nothing Spurs can do to prevent that, but as Lewis has pointed out to Levy, they do not want that scenario to be played out.