Manchester United have seven players who are not part of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer   s plans available for transfer ahead of the fast approaching summer deadline on 5th October. But just wanting rid of the deadwood that remains in the squad isn   t enough. United have to be able to find clubs willing to take the seven players currently earmarked for the door, whether that be on a loan deal or a permanent transfer that will bring immediate money back into Old Trafford. Here   s a closer look at the players up for sale and how likely they are to leave before the deadline. Marcos Rojo secured his dream move home to boyhood club Estudiantes in January, albeit just on loan. But injury and the subsequent coronavirus pandemic limited him to only a single appearance, before the short-term deal expired and he was back in Manchester. Rojo is training in a    bubble    away from the rest of the first-team squad in anticipation of securing a move before the deadline. The problem is that a lack of action     17 Premier League appearances in the last three years     is not the way to create any sort of market. Of all the players United want rid of this summer, Rojo has been the subject of a noticeable lack of interest and the club may end up stuck with him until they can release him next summer. Chance of Leaving: 2/10 Phil Jones is another player, like Rojo, whose almost complete lack of game time has largely destroyed the market that might otherwise exist for him. He is also currently nursing an ongoing knee injury, giving even less incentive for any clubs to take a chance. Jones was billed as a future United and England captain when he moved to Old Trafford as a teenager in 2011. But persistent fitness trouble has always limited him, ultimately curtailing his once enormous potential, and he has been frozen out of the rebuild. United   s best bet of getting rid of Jones is hoping that a club like West Ham become desperate enough and make a late offer. He was linked with the Hammers in July and August, which would mean a reunion with ex-United boss David Moyes. Chance of Leaving: 3/10 Sizeable wages and an enhanced ego could make it hard for United to shift Jesse Lingard before the imminent transfer deadline. It was as recent as March this year when it was alleged the player considers himself to be one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe. Lingard will soon be 28 and should be at his peak, yet his role at United is limited to substitute appearances and cup starts. He hasn   t appeared in a Premier League starting XI since New Year's Day. As of last week, it was reported that United have had no official bids for Lingard, despite suggestions that his representatives have offered his services to clubs around Europe. Rumours of interest from Tottenham, which would have meant reuniting with Jose Mourinho, were soon denied. Chance of Leaving: 5/10 AC Milan are the latest club linked with Diogo Dalot, whose once promising United career has completely nosedived over the last 18 months. It was March 2019 when his speculative shot won that dramatic late penalty against PSG in the Champions League. Even Timothy Fosu-Mensah was favoured over Dalot in the closing stages of last season, when the Portuguese full-back could barely even force his way onto the bench. Fortunately, at 21, he is still young enough to offer attractive long-term upside to a potential suitor. Milan   s interest is said to amount to a loan with option to buy, although United are seeking a permanent deal. The Rossoneri don   t have cash to spend right now and there may not be any better offers if United stand firm and reject the possibility of a loan. Chance of Leaving: 6/10 Sergio Romero has been a valuable asset to United over the last five years, but his place as understudy to David de Gea has been taken by rising home-grown star Dean Henderson, while United still have the dependable Lee Grant on the books as well. Romero was given extra time off during the shortened summer and could move back to his native Argentina, where he has been linked with a move to first professional club Racing. More recently, he has been heavily linked with Everton, which would involve staying in the north west of England     perhaps not even moving house     in order to offer better competition and cover for error prone number one Jordan Pickford. Chance of Leaving: 7/10 Roma want Chris Smalling on a permanent deal following his revitalising loan spell at Stadio Olimpico last season. He wants to make the switch happen and United want to sell. But despite all three parties wanting it to happen, the negotiations have been prolonged and were described in one recent report as    exhausting   . United have set an  £18m asking price that Roma have so far failed to meet. An  £11m first offer has already been rejected and an expected second offer won   t exceed  £13.7m, suggesting there is still plenty of talking that needs to be done before this one can be signed off. Inter have emerged as a rumour rival suitor, but only if they sell Milan Skriniar. Chance of Leaving: 8/10 A loan deal with Lazio for Andreas Pereira is thought to have been agreed, with Lazio sporting director Igli Tare already confirming the move is pretty much done. Already out of his depth, Pereira has been sidelined since Bruno Fernandes arrived and Paul Pogba returned to fitness, failing to get into a single matchday squad this season and not starting a game in any competition since 20 February. Lazio will have a    27m ( £24.6m) option to buy at the end of the initial loan. It is only an option, though, rather than an obligatory purchase. So if Pereira doesn   t suitably impress in Italy and justify that price tag, United will have to find another suitor next summer.