Manchester City believe they have convinced both Bernardo Silva and Kyle Walker to stay at the club and sign new contracts, sources have confirmed to 90min. Both players have been considering their futures this summer and had been looking to leave the treble-winners during the transfer window. However, after allowing Riyad Mahrez to join Ilkay Gundogan out the exit door, Man City boss Pep Guardiola and the club's hierarchy have been firm with their stance that Silva and Walker must not be sold as well. 90min revealed earlier this summer that Walker, like Mahrez, was left furious at missing out on the Champions League final and had been looking at his options to leave. A move to former club Sheffield United failed to materialise as their takeover faltered, but the most serious interest emerged from Bayern Munich. Thomas Tuchel has pushed hard to land Walker and they offered the England defender a substantial offer to make the move, but 90min understands that Guardiola has persuaded the 33-year-old to extend his stay with the club. Walker's current deal is due to expire at the end of the 2023/24 season but this will be extended to 2025 with new terms. And the news continues to be positive at Man City as their similarly firm stance on Silva looks set to pay off. feed Silva has been looking to leave the club and there have been no shortage of suitors, with Barcelona pushing hard to sign a player who had long been eyeing a move to Catalonia. PSG were ready to pay Man City their asking price of around  £80m this summer, but Silva has been told he will not be allowed to leave. While Silva is keen to move on from Man City and has recently reiterated that desire to Guardiola, sources have told 90min that he is accepting there is little chance of any club being able to persuade them to sell. Silva's current deal runs to 2025, which means Man City are not under pressure to sanction a transfer, and because of that a new contract is now close to being finalised. As 90min previously revealed, Man City are willing to make Silva one of the best-paid players at the club and in the Premier League altogether, putting him close to the wage packets of teammates Erling Haaland and Kevin De Bruyne. Man City believe and hope that both Silva and Walker will put pen-to-paper on their new deals by the end of this month.