The La Liga summer window is usually filled with some massive transfers. Not this time though.  Aside from Miralem Pjanic's bizarre, big money move to Barcelona, clubs have been surprisingly reserved in their business. Real Madrid haven't even bought anyone. No one. Nada.  That's not to say that the summer transfer window was completely without intrigue though. Here are ten of the best deals to get excited about this season. No club has benefited more from Valencia's shock fire sale this summer than Villarreal. A fine example of this is the Yellow Submarine's purchase of Francis Coquelin for just  £6m. Although the midfielder has his detractors, even Chris Deeley would struggle to argue that this is not ridiculously good value. After some absolute shockers in recent years, could the arrival Sergino Dest mark a change in Barcelona's luck in the transfer market? The fact that the Blaugrana managed to beat Bayern Munich in the race for his signature, seems to suggest so. Die Roten rarely make a recruitment misstep and their interest in Dest is encouraging for Barca fans.The 19-year-old seems to posses all the qualities required for a top class full-back and it will be interesting to see how he kicks on from here.  Lucas Torreira is fiery, hard working and incredibly disciplined - three attributes that should seem him settle in at Atletico Madrid right  away.Losing Thomas Partey was always going to be a blow for Diego Simeone, but in Torreira El Cholo has a player who can play a similar role. Although the loan deal does not include an option to buy clause, we would not be surprised if the Uruguayan ended up making the Spanish capital his new long term home at the end of the season.  After an extremely encouraging season on loan with RCD Mallorca, Real Madrid prospect Takefusa Kubo will spend the 2020/2021 with Villarreal. Expectations are high for the versatile forward and Los Blancos will be hoping he pushes on under the tutelage of experienced manager Unai Emery. The deal makes sense for both parties and we are looking forward to seeing how he develops as the season progresses.  A graduate of Real Madrid's youth academy, like many before him Oscar Rodriguez struggled to force his way into Los Blancos' first team setup.After two fruitful seasons on loan at Leganes, the Spaniard has finally severed times with his boyhood club, agreeing terms with Sevilla in the summer.Julen Lopetegui's side has one of the meanest defences in European football but adding Rodriguez to their ranks gives them a much need dose of invention going forward.  He may not look like it but Marc Cucurella is just 22 years old. The bushy haired left-back seriously impressed on loan at Getafe last season and it's no surprise that the club opted to make the move permanent in the summer. The deal cost the Madrid-based overachievers just  £9m - excellent value for a player of his considerable talent. The flying full-back was loosely linked with Leicester and Chelsea last season and Jos   Bordal  s will be hoping he helps inspire his side to a top six finish.  Unfairly scapegoated towards the end of his Barcelona career, Ivan Rakitic still has a great deal to offer any La Liga side. He ended up returning home to Sevilla in the summer, where he previously enjoyed a spell between 2011 and 2014. Earmarked as the replacement for the departing   ver Banega, the Croatian is set to play a key creative role for Los Palanganas this season.  Of all the first team players that crisis club Valencia let go in the summer, Dani Parejo's absence is likely to be most harshly felt. The long time club captain made 282 La Liga appearances during his time at the club, helping Los Ches win the Copa del Rey in 2019.Valencia's loss is set to be Villarreal's gain with the vastly experienced playmaker set to be pulling the strings in eastern Spain this season. 