Every summer, we get a select group of players who dominate the headlines, and the summer of 2020 is no different. We   ve already seen plenty of big deals completed, but some of the biggest ones could still be on the horizon. There are some fascinating stories to follow, and here are seven of the biggest. Lionel Messi will be the main figure of the transfer window.The likes of Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain have been linked with astronomical bids, and there has even been talk of some of the craziest swap deals you could imagine. If you   re only going to keep an eye on one story, it has to be this one. Already one of the most high-profile names in the rumour mill, Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho   s future remains up in the air.Manchester United are pushing to make him their marquee signing of the summer, but Dortmund are holding firm on their demands and have even publicly insisted that the deal is dead.United are prepared to push on until the last minute of the window, so Sancho   s name will remain in the headlines for a little while yet. As seems to be the case with every transfer window, Napoli centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly is a man in demand.Deals of that magnitude take real time to figure out, which is why this story will rumble on for a little while yet.As one of a finite group of elite defenders who are available for transfer, almost every top side wants to sign the Senegal international in a deal which could easily reach the  £80m mark if Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis gets his wish.Deals of that magnitude take real time to figure out, which is why this story will rumble on for a little while yet. Brescia wonderkid Sandro Tonali looks set to take the next step in his career this summer by joining a top side, but which side will that be?After Brescia   s relegation from Serie A last season, Tonali   s time at the club seems to be over. We might not know where he   s going to end up, but he   s definitely going to be on the move. After months of courting Aston Villa   s Jack Grealish, Manchester United have decided to focus their efforts on signing Sancho, but a move for Grealish is expected to be reignited further down the line.The rumoured  £80m fee will likely be a little steep for United, who will look to negotiate themselves a nice little discount - especially if they do land Sancho beforehand.Villa don   t want to sell, but United don   t like being told    no   . We   ve got all the ingredients of a real saga right here. After failing to seal a move away from Crystal Palace last summer, Wilfried Zaha   s future is up in the air yet again, and Palace   s acquisition of Ebere Eze from Queens Park Rangers might suggest this summer could be the time for Zaha to go. There has been interest in Zaha from all over the continent. Arsenal and Everton have been tipped to offer him the chance to stay in England, while Monaco, Paris Saint-Germain and Borussia Dortmund could all give him a move overseas.It could be one of the most expensive deals of the summer if it goes through, so keep your eyes peeled for this one.