The Thomas Tuchel era came to an end at Paris Saint-Germain just before Christmas, and the start of 2021 has seen the German replaced by Mauricio Pochettino as expected. The former Tottenham boss has been out of management since being dismissed by Daniel Levy in November 2019, and takes charge of a team brimming with world-class talent. However, there are also a number of players free to depart the club, with L'Equipe naming five stars that PSG have made available for transfer in the January window in a bid to raise funds. Let's take a look at who they are and where they could end up. Draxler joined PSG from Wolfsburg in 2017, but has been restricted to just five starts this season.The World Cup winner's current deal expires in June 2021, and he is therefore now free to negotiate a pre-contract with whomever he chooses. However, reports from L'Equipe and Le Parisien suggest he has no interest in leaving the French capital in January.According to Gazzetta dello Sport (via TEAMtalk), Leeds have emerged as potential suitors again - having been linked with a move for Draxler during the previous window - but could face competition from Hertha BSC, in addition to Inter and city rivals Milan. Paredes has also seen his playing time restricted this term, starting just five times in Ligue 1 thus far. The Argentine was the third most expensive signing of Tuchel's tenure, moving to PSG from Zenit in a    40m deal in 2019.Reports in France have suggested that Inter could be open to a move for the midfielder as part of a swap deal, with Christian Eriksen going in the opposite direction to end his miserable spell in Italy and team up with his former Spurs boss Pochettino.However, Le Parisien (via Get French Football News) report that, like Draxler,  Paredes has no intention of leaving PSG in January - and is excited to link up with his compatriot Pochettino in the French capital. His contract expires in June 2023. Gueye joined PSG from Everton in a  £30m move in the summer of 2019 and has been in and out of the side this season, starting eight of their 17 Ligue 1 matches.Le10Sport reported in August that both Manchester United and Wolves were interested in bringing the defensive midfielder back to the Premier League.However, L'Equipe report that there are no current offers for Gueye, and he would only consider leaving for another top European club. His PSG deal expires in 2023.