Cristiano Ronaldo has asked Manchester United to consider any acceptable offers for him this summer with the club already lining up Ajax star Antony as a potential replacement. Manager Erik ten Hag is pushing for the move.  Napoli are surprisingly interested in signing Ronaldo, but they will face competition from Chelsea and Bayern Munich this summer.  Speaking of competition, United's hope of signing Frenkie de Jong may have been dented by the news that Chelsea are thinking about entering the race for his services too. Other reports even claim that Bar  a have gone off the idea of a sale altogether.  Prior to penning fresh terms at Anfield, Mohamed Salah had been considering an audacious return to Stamford Bridge as new owner Todd Boehly continues his search for a marquee summer signing.  Man Utd are said to have gazumped Arsenal's offer for Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez by bidding  £38m for the player.  Serge Gnabry is a surprise target for both Manchester clubs following the arrival of Sadio Mane at the Allianz Arena this summer. Gnabry is not the only attacker linked with United either, with Brazilian youngster Gabriel Veron being mentioned as well.  At the back, the Red Devils are said to be targeting Inter talisman Stefan de Vrij. The Dutchman is now one of their top targets.  Arsenal seem to have missed out on the signing of Aaron Hickey to Brentford and are considering a move for Benfica defender Alex Grimaldo as an alternative.  The Gunners are also plotting an approach for Lille's Amadou Onana, who is a defensive midfielder by trade.  Raheem Sterling has held positive talks with Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel as the England international weighs up a summer move to Stamford Bridge.  Barcelona are finally close to signing Marcos Alonso, though agreeing a deal for his Chelsea teammate, Cesar Azpilicueta, is proving more difficult.  Other Bar  a targets include Robert Lewandowski, Bernardo Silva, Raphinha and Jules Kounde, with Memphis Depay likely to go in the other direction.  Barcelona have also told Ousmane Dembele that they will not be raising their current offer for the forward to re-sign.  Vinicius Junior is expected to pen a new Real Madrid contract soon. The deal will include a whopping  £1bn release clause.  After missing out on the signing of Alvaro Morata, Juventus could be interested in signing Liverpool false-nine Roberto Firmino instead.  Juve could also make a move for Arsenal defender Gabriel should Matthijs de Ligt leave Turin this summer.  Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's impending move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! After making James Tarkowski their first summer signing Everton are considering a move for Brazilian defender Rodrigo Becao who currently plies his trade for Udinese in Serie A. Nicolas Tagliafico could finally leave Ajax after years of speculation with Brighton and Lyon both monitoring his situation. 