Wolverhampton Wanderers have confirmed they have struck a deal to sign 20-year-old centre-back Yerson Mosquera from Colombian side Atletico Nacional. Mosquera only made his senior debut last season but quickly blossomed into a core part of Juan Carlos Osorio's side, making 24 appearances in all competitions before Wolves came calling. Wolves took to their official website to reveal that Mosquera had put pen to paper on a deal to become the first signing of the new era under manager Bruno Lage, who will get the chance to take a closer look at the youngster during pre-season.    We   ve been monitoring Yerson for quite a while, and there has been a lot of interest from clubs across Europe, including some of the biggest names in the Premier League," said technical director Scott Sellars. "They all see his potential and quality, as do we, but we spoke to him about the pathway we have at the club, and he believes Wolves is the best fit for him.    He   s a centre-back who   s very athletic, very aggressive, very competitive and has a great attitude to defending     he wants to defend, he wants to make tackles and headers, and has great presence in both boxes, but he   s also very good technically and very composed on the ball.  Introducing our first signing of the summer...??       pic.twitter.com/n0FRdUeOVt    He   s certainly a player with a high ceiling, someone who is highly regarded in Colombia and we believe the attributes he has will fit very well into the Premier League and into our squad.    Our new head coach Bruno has been involved in the process, has looked at the player, and together we feel Yerson has the perfect profile to come in and improve the depth of the squad.    It's a deal which would not have been possible before Brexit, but new regulations means young, inexperienced players from South America can now be brought over to the Premier League with less hassle.    There   s evidence of Colombian players who have come in and done very well in the Premier League over the last few years," Sellars added. A post shared by Atle  tico Nacional SA (@nacionaloficial)    Before Brexit, we couldn   t go into South America unless it was to buy very established players. We would   ve had to wait for a player to spend time developing at another club, and for their value to go up substantially before we could bring them in.