Manchester United have narrowed their search for a new long-term centre-back for Harry Maguire to just two main targets: Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. United still have eyes on Caglar Soyuncu, David Carmo, Benoit Badiashile and Manuel Akanji as potential back-up targets should a move for either Kounde or Torres prove impossible, but it is one of those two that the Old Trafford club wants most this summer. 90min has already revealed that    extensive checks    are now being carried out on both players with a view to landing one of them when the summer transfer window opens. But which of the two would represent the best signing for United? One of the more common themes of United   s long-standing pursuit for a centre-back, which was ultimately deemed not to be a priority last summer, has been considering whether a left-footed player would bring balance to the back four. United   s best matched partnerships in recent seasons have had that. Chris Smalling and Daley Blind was Louis van Gaal   s pairing of choice in 2015/16, while Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo showed promise as a unit under Jose Mourinho until inevitable injuries extinguished long-term hope. Being left-footed was rumoured to have specifically driven United   s interest in Nathan Ake prior to his  £40m transfer to Manchester City from Bournemouth last summer. Torres is left-footed but Kounde is not. So if United are able to attract both players and must then pick between them, the manager and coaching staff must decide how important being left-footed really is.  United haven   t got license to spend freely this summer because of the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic - especially given the fact that they are keen to sign either Erling Haaland or Jadon Sancho to boost their attacking options.  Kounde   s release clause sits at around  £68m. Sevilla are not expected to accept anything less for the Frenchman, but it was reported last month that United are reluctant to go that high. Torres is another for whom it may be necessary to trigger a release clause. His clause at Villarreal is quite a bit cheaper at a shade over  £50m and might be a more agreeable price. Whether United could hope to negotiate either club down on those prices by making players available in part-exchange remains at least plausible. Eric Bailly is likely to be looking for a club, while even Victor Lindelof could be nearing the exit in the right circumstances. Even though he is the younger of the pair at 22, Kounde has more first-team experience than Torres and has played for a club operating at a higher level over the past two seasons in particular. Kounde has been a regular at top flight level since midway through the 2017/18 campaign when he made the senior breakthrough at Bordeaux. He then had a full season with the French club, before Sevilla paid around    25m to take him to Spain in 2019. Kounde established himself at Sevilla relatively soon and was a key part of the team that went on to win the Europa League that season. He has since played in the Champions League and helped the club reach the knockout rounds of the competition this season. Torres is 24, but 2020/21 is only his second year in Villarreal   s first-team and he doesn   t have the same level of elite club experience under his belt. That being said, unlike Kounde - who is uncapped for France - he has been a usual starter for Spain since September 2020. United need someone who can be a partner for Maguire and bring the best out of the  £80m United captain. Lindelof, as competent a defender as he is in the right circumstances, is not that player. Bailly probably can be, but his poor fitness record has made it impossible. Kounde and Torres are quite different when it comes to physical stature, the latter towers above most of his teammate at 6   4, while the former is only 5   10. Yet there are similarities in terms of actual defending     above all else, it offers reassurances that United   s recruitment has a focus. Both players are strong in the air, Torres because of his height and Kounde thanks to a fantastic leap. That is a bonus for any defender in the rough and tumble Premier League, but as far as the partnership goes, either would be the foil if Maguire is to be the aggressor on the front font. The biggest criticism of United defensively this season is that neither Maguire nor Lindelof have played high enough up the pitch, largely a confidence and insurance issue as their strengths and weaknesses are too similar. Kounde and Torres each appear to have the necessary attributes and style to protect and complement Maguire in a way that Lindelof doesn   t. Both are noted as centre-backs who prefer to read and anticipate, with good positioning skills and strong recovery. The latter is important because, as it stands, Lindelof lacks pace on the cover. For comparison   s sake, consider how Virgil van Dijk will usually rank quite low in terms of tackles and interceptions because his work has often been done before a tackle would have to be made. It is about defending through positioning, awareness and intelligence, rather than crunching interventions, and is the embodiment of the famous quote attributed to Paolo Maldini:    If I have to make a tackle then I have already made a mistake.    From a United-specific perspective, think Rio Ferdinand, and that is the type of centre-back the club is trying to bring in with one of these two targets. Both Kounde and Torres are similar prospects. On the whole, it is perhaps Kounde who is the slightly better player     he is also younger and therefore offers slightly more in the long-term. If money was no issue this summer, you could easily make an argument that the Frenchman should be the primary choice and the  £68m release clause is well worth triggering. But it is an issue if United are to address an equally important part of the team up front.