Manchester City wil rival Manchester United for Jack Grealish this summer, if Bayern Munich are prepared to match their asking price for wantaway winger Leroy Sane. Grealish has long been the subject of interest from United, with the Red Devils known to be prioritising moves for the Villa midfielder, Borussia Dortmund's Jadon Sancho and Birmingham's Jude Bellingham this summer. However, they may have to contend with crosstown interest in the transfer market. Sane has rejected the offer of a new contract at City and with just 12 months remaining on his deal at the Etihad, this summer is the club's final chance to cash in on the Germany international. A move Bayern Munich has been Sane's priority for some time.  5     £ million. Thanks so much ?? #ThankYou #Danke #inSan   A post shared by  Leroy San   (@leroysane19) on Apr 23, 2020 at 5:57am PDT City are still holding out for more than  £50m for Sane despite Bayern's reported reluctance to pay through the roof for the winger.  According to the Telegraph, should Bayern meet City's asking price, Grealish will 'come into City's thinking'. City will likely have a creative void to fill in the summer. Alongside Sane, the club are poised to lose playmaker and club-legend David Silva. Grealish has demonstrated himself as capable of operating both on the left wing and centrally for Aston Villa throughout the campaign. However contrary to the Telegraph, according to the Mirror, United are 'edging closer' to signing Grealish after he recently told friends that he had found a house to buy in the North West.  Villa are believed to be demanding  £80m for their captain - but this figure could well be driven down if they suffer the drop. Dean Smith's side sit second bottom of the Premier League, but only goal difference currently separates them from safety.  City boss Pep Guardiola is a big fan of the midfielder, having consistently heaped praise on Grealish throughout the season. Following the Citizens' 3-0 victory over Aston Villa in October, Guardiola described Grealish as 'Incredible. A top player', before also describing him as 'one of the best players in the league' in January.  Along with Grealish, there are reports that City could also target Burnley's Dwight McNeil this summer to replace Sane. However, as recently as last week, Guardiola hinted that a direct replacement for the German may not actually be sought.