Harry Kane's camp are agitating for a move away from Tottenham Hotspur, 90min understands, with Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain closely monitoring Bayern Munich's attempts to agree a fee for the England captain. The 29-year-old has just one year left to run on his contract in north London, though Spurs remain confident he can be persuaded to sign a new deal despite showing little inclination to do so. 90min previously reported that the general view from across Europe was that Kane, now the all-time record scorer for club and country, would stay put this summer due to Tottenham's point-blank refusal to do business. Bayern Munich have long identified Kane as one of their primary transfer targets, as they finally look to replace the guaranteed goals of Robert Lewandowski, while Real Madrid and PSG have been keeping a close eye on developments. Manchester United also have a long-standing interest in Kane but they haven't seen eye-to-eye with Spurs over their valuation, even though Erik ten Hag is desperate to bring a quality number nine in at Old Trafford. News broke on Tuesday of Bayern deciding to test the waters with a bid of around  £60m for Kane, though sources close to Spurs told 90min that they had received no such offer. Even if a bid had been received, one in that range would be rejected out of hand anyway. Kane's representatives are understood to have stepped up talks with Bayern this month, and those discussions have given the Bundesliga champions a strong belief that they can pull off a move this summer. Indeed, 90min understands that Kane is again at the point where he's actively pushing for movement on his future, piquing the attention of both Real Madrid and PSG. feed Real Madrid particularly are taking an interest in Kane's situation having been rocked by the sudden departure of Ballon d'Or holder Karim Benzema to Saudi champions Al Ittihad. The Frenchman's exit has left Joselu, a recent loan signing from Espanyol, as Real's only recognised striker, causing somewhat of a split in the Santiago Bernabeu's corridors of power. Some key personnel want Real Madrid to pursue a move for Kane this summer and then move for Kylian Mbappe on a free next year, while others only want to bring in one of them. PSG, for context, are keen to sell Mbappe this summer to avoid losing him on a free transfer in 2024 - he has already confirmed he won't be extending his contract in the French capital. Agreeing personal terms would not be a problem for any of the aforementioned parties, with Kane accepting that a move abroad is unlikely to see his wages hit the heights of what top Premier League teams are able to offer. Whether Bayern are able to persuade Kane that a move to Germany is in his best interests remains to be seen, but they have backed away from other targets such as Randal Kolo Muani and Kai Havertz in a bid to provide Thomas Tuchel with the elite-level striker he craves.