Tottenham striker Harry Kane has hinted he could hold talks with chairman Daniel Levy in the coming weeks. It comes at a time when the England captain   s future is again uncertain as the final year of his Spurs contract rapidly approaches. Kane was keen to leave Spurs in the summer of 2021 when Manchester City were determined to sign him, although he has always denied he went as far as refusing to train in an effort to force a transfer. Bayern Munich haven   t hidden their desire to sign Kane over the past year, while 90min has reported in recent weeks on both Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain's interest in the 29-year-old.  90min also understands that Spurs are bracing for Chelsea interest in their talisman. As things stand, contract talks with Kane are on hold. Those discussions are set to continue once a new permanent manager is appointed     Julian Nagelsmann and Luis Enrique have each been spoken to about the job, but Spurs continue to also consider a number of alternative options, including Xabi Alonso and Ruben Amorim. No decision is yet close, however. feed "That   s down to the club,    Kane said on the hunt for a manager.    If I end up speaking with the chairman towards the end of the season, then I   m sure he   ll fill me in on what he   s thinking,    hinting that he could be set for talks with Levy at some point.    But ultimately we   ve got three more games, we don   t want to look too far ahead and get too carried away. The club will make the best decision for everyone, for the players, the fans, for the club in general, so we   ll just have to wait and see what that is.    90min understands that in an attempt to convince Kane to commit his future to the club, Spurs are willing to include him in key decisions like hiring the new head coach. Indeed the hierarchy are touching base with the wider squad to gauge their feelings over the job. But by consulting Kane in particular, it is hoped that he would be completely happy with the choice and sign a new deal.