90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is growing increasingly frustrated with Jadon Sancho as he prepares to offload a. number of fringe players. Harry Maguire, Brandon Williams, Alex Telles, Eric Bailly and Anthony Martial will all be made available for sale. (Manchester Evening News) Coming in at Man Utd could be Bayern Munich right-back Benjamin Pavard, with talks held over a summer deal. (The Athletic) Bayer Leverkusen's Jeremie Frimpong is also on Man Utd's radar as a right-back target. (Florian Plettenberg) Barcelona will start formal negotiations with Lionel Messi in the coming days and will send him a contract offer for a guaranteed 12 months, with the option of a further season. (Veronica Brunati) PSG have offered a new contract to Messi but have asked the Argentine to dramatically slash his salary to stay at Parc des Princes - something he is not willing to do. (L'Equipe) Real Madrid have identified Jurgen Klopp as their preferred target to replace Carlo Ancelotti. Informal talks have already taken place with the Liverpool boss, who believes it is the right time for him to leave Anfield after a tricky season. (Le10Sport) Also leaving Liverpool could be goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher, whose departure in search of first-team football will prompt a move for a new backup to Alisson. (Daily Mail) feed Chelsea have stepped up their interest in Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund, who is also wanted by Arsenal and Man Utd. (Daily Mail) Bayern Munich are readying a  £44m bid to beat their Premier League competitors to Hojlund's signature. (TuttoAtalanta) Meanwhile, Arsenal are keeping tabs on Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin. (Football Insider) Arsenal find themselves searching for a new left-back and have fallen behind Manchester City in pursuit of Real Madrid left-back Ferland Mendy. (Fichajes) That could prompt Arsenal to move for AC Milan's Theo Hernandez instead. (Calciomercato) Tottenham are prepared to rival Newcastle in pursuit of Leicester City midfielder James Maddison. (Daily Mail) LISTEN NOW