Manchester United transfer target Alex Telles has fuelled rumours he is on his way to Old Trafford after liking an Instagram post from former United star Patrice Evra. The 27-year-old Porto left back, who has agreed personal terms with the Red Devils, has reportedly become frustrated with his club's inability to agree a deal with United.  Solskjaer values the player at around  £12m while Porto are holding out for a fee closer to  £20m. With 10 days left in the transfer window, the Brazilian is keen not to miss the chance of playing at an elite Premier League club at the peak of his career.  Talks continue between Manchester United and Porto for Alex Telles. Player side still convinced that an agreement between Porto and #MUFC can be reached around    25m. Negotiations on. There   s also another option on the list as LB for Man Utd if Telles deal will collapse. ? Therefore, eagle-eyed United fans were intrigued to catch Telles liking Evra's Instragram post about his own days as left-back at Old Trafford. In the post, Evra reminisced about an occasion where Sir Alex Ferguson criticised his decision to pass the ball backwards to Edwin van der Sar. After the Scot warned Evra that 'if you pass the ball back again, you're out!', the Frenchman recalled with hilarity how he ended up as man of the match in that game.   PLAY FOWARD       !!! Boss : patrice are you tired ..?  Me : no boss why ..?  Boss : do you think you are playing well ?  Me : yes I   m playing very well !!  Boss : this is one of the worst games I   ve seen you play since I signed you. Me : are you serious boss? Boss : why did you pass the ball back to @edwinvandersar1 ? Me : because I didn   t have any solution forward.. Boss : if you pass the ball back again, you   re out!  End of the story, I ended up as man of the match that game ? #ilovethisgame #positive4evra #manchesterunited #motivation A post shared by  Patrice Evra (@patrice.evra) on Sep 24, 2020 at 5:32am PDT Manchester United are desperately seeking reinforcements for their squad - a task compounded by their failure to offload squad players such as Phil Jones and Jesse Lingard. Last season's promising run of form post-lockdown was formed on a settled starting lineup with little rotation. The defeat to Crystal Palace in their Premier League opener last weekend sparked alarm bells at Old Trafford, especially as the visiting Londoners fully deserved their victory. So far, only Donny van de Beek has arrived at United this summer. The club have been frustrated in their pursuit of Jadon Sancho and the club have also been linked with Barcelona centre-back Samuel Umtiti. Another Barcelona player, Ousmane Demb  l   has been the subject of a proposed loan deal by United - although the Frenchman has no interest in a move to England. 