AC Milan are the latest club to reach out to Chelsea over a possible deal to sign centre-back Fikayo Tomori. Blues boss Frank Lampard recently confirmed that the club are looking to send Tomori out on loan this month after watching him make just four appearances in all competitions this season - three of which have come in the cup. The likes of Leeds United and Rennes have been named as potential destinations in recent weeks, and now according to Fabrizio Romano, Milan have thrown their name into the mix as they look to sign a new defender before the close of the window. Tomori has made it clear that he would have no problems joining Milan, but the Serie A leaders are actually focused on landing Strasbourg's Mohamed Simakan instead and would only turn to Tomori if they miss out on their preferred target. Gianluca Di Marzio adds that Simakan is pushing to make the move and Milan officials are working tirelessly to land the Frenchman, so it doesn't seem as though Tomori is going to end up at San Siro anytime soon. However, there is a fun twist in this one, and that's that Chelsea have also been linked with their own move for Simakan this month. A post shared by Mohamed Simakan       (@simakan2) According to Le10Sport, Chelsea have reached out to Strasbourg to register their interest and discuss a potential move, which is expected to cost in the region of  £13.5m, but Milan and Ligue 1's Nice are also doing the same. Should Chelsea sign Simakan, it would set Tomori up to join Milan on loan, but it would also raise more questions about the Englishman's long-term future at Stamford Bridge. Realistically, Chelsea probably aren't going to move for Simakan. While the Blues do love hoovering up young talent, there are already far too many centre-backs on the books at Chelsea, and there's no need to add another one. Alongside the five currently in the senior squad, Chelsea have high hopes for loanees Marc Guehi and Malang Sarr of Swansea and Porto respectively, while the Blues also brought in highly-rated Dutchman Xavier Mbuyamba during the summer.