To paraphrase the scout that recruited Billy Beane, the protagonist of Moneyball, everyone will one day be told that they can no longer play the beautiful game. For some, it's at 18, for others, it may be 40. But we are all told. Every summer, the Premier League brutally reveals exactly which players have been told their time has come, with a list of all the individuals released by each top-flight team. For some, it is a question of seeing out their contract in search of a free transfer and lucrative signing-on fee elsewhere. Yet, for many others, it is the end of the road in the Premier League. Here is the full list of released players at the end of the 2022/23 Premier League season. Player Level Zach Awe Under-21 Joel Ideho Under-23 George Lewis Under-23 Ainsley Maitland-Niles Senior Matt Smith Under-23 Tom Smith Under-21 Ainsley Maitland-Niles joined Arsenal as a six-year-old but spent the final 18 months of his two decades at the club on loan. Fellow academy graduate Reiss Nelson is also out of contract this summer but the club announced that negotiations over a renewal are ongoing. Player Level Matt Burgess Under-21 Chris Francis Under-21 Brooklyn Genesini Under-21 Tarik Gidaree Under-21 Jefferson Lerma Senior Josh Popoola Under-21 Jack Stacey Senior Junior Stanislas Senior Jordan Zemura Senior Bournemouth let four senior players run out the final year of their contracts. The club's Player of the Year Jefferson Lerma has already joined Premier League rivals Crystal Palace on a free. Only two players have ever scored more Premier League goals for Bournemouth than Junior Stanislas but the 33-year-old is on his way out of the door alongside Jordan Zemura and Jack Stacey. Player Level Declan Frith Under-21 Hayden Lindley Under-21 Arjan Raikhy Under-21 Ruben Shakpoke Under-21 Myles Sohna Under-21 Jed Steer Senior Ashley Young Senior Bradley Young Under-21 Ashley Young admitted: "I want to stay," on the final day of the 2022/23 season but has been deemed surplus to requirements. The trophy-laden 37-year-old has been released in an off-season that has barely begun but has already been busy for Aston Villa. After suffering a flip-flop decision from Barcelona director of football Mateu Alemany, Villa have poached Sevilla's chief strategist Monchi. Player Level J'Neil Bennett B-team Lachlan Brook B-team Tariqe Fosu Senior Saman Ghoddos Senior Pontus Jansson Senior Nico Jones B-team Roco Rees B-team Roy Syla B-team Joel Valencia Senior Lucias Vine B-team Pontus Jansson became the first player to captain Brentford in England's top flight since George Paterson in 1947. However, injuries hampered the 32-year-old throughout the 2022/23 campaign, prompting his departure alongside regular substitute Saman Ghoddos. Tariqe Fosu and Joel Valencia spent last season out on loan and will not return to Brentford's first team in a playing capacity after the summer. Player Level Toby Bull Under-21 Billie Clark Under-21 Matthew Everitt Under-23 Teddy Jenks Under-23 Todd Miller Under-21 Sam Packham Under-21 Haydon Roberts Senior Casey Shann Under-21 Jack Spong Under-21 Fynn Talley Under-21 Lorent Tolaj Under-21 Antef Tsoungui Under-23 Ben Wilson Under-21 Haydon Roberts did not impress enough during his loan spell in League One with Derby County last season to convince Brighton to extend his contract. However, the left-back's performances were noteworthy enough to entice Bristol City into a contract offer. Belgian centre-back Antef Tsoungui was snapped up by Eredivisie champions Feyenoord after his deal expired. Player Level Derrick Abu Under-21 Prince Adegoke Under-21 Tiemoue Bakayoko Senior Nathan Baxter Under-21 Juan Familia-Castillo Under-23 Bryan Fiabema Under-21 Joe Haigh Under-21 Henry Lawrence Under-21 Sam McClelland Under-21 Dujon Sterling Under-21 Silkho Thomas Under-21 Ethan Wady Under-21 Jayden Wareham Under-21 Chelsea's squad doesn't need to be pruned so much as it requires a chainsaw. If Mauricio Pochettino is to fit all of the players into the changing room, the powers that be at Stamford Bridge will have to jettison more bodies in the coming months. However, resisting the temptation to offer Tiemoue Bakayoko a new deal is a step in the right direction. Player Level Joshua Addae Under-23 David Boateng Under-21 Ryan Bartley Under-21 Jack Butland Senior Maliq Cadogan Under-23 Reece Hannam Under-21 James McArthur Senior Luka Milivojevic Senior David Omilabu Under-23 Daniel Quick Under-21 Crystal Palace finished the season in free-scoring form with a fluid and fleet-footed set-up. The Eagles will be down two grizzled midfielders as James McArthur and Luka Milivojevic depart this summer. Back-up goalkeeper Jack Butland has joined Scottish giants Rangers on a free transfer. Wilfried Zaha's deal expires this summer but the club have officially offered their star winger a contract. Whether the 30-year-old will finally be tempted away from Selhurst Park - with the untold riches of the Saudi Pro League looming - remains to be seen. Nathan Ferguson is also weighing up a new deal. Player Level Einar Iversen Under-21 Yerry Mina Senior Andros Townsend Senior Yerry Mina left Goodison Park on considerably better terms with the fanbase than the nadir of January. After a defeat to lowly Southampton, the towering centre-back was surrounded by furious Everton fans demanding an improvement. Mina started the final four games of the season which earned the seven points that ultimately kept Everton in the Premier League. Andros Townsend will join Mina in an exit but made his last appearance for the club in March 2022 before suffering a debilitating ACL injury. Player Level Thorsteinn Antonsson Under-18 Joe Bryan Senior Shane Duffy Senior Paulo Gazzaniga Senior Sonny Hilton Under-21 Sylvester Jasper Under-21 Ziyad Larkeche Under-21 Jonathon Page Under-21 Steven Sessegnon Senior Jean-Pierre Tiehi Under-21 After a surprisingly convincing return to Premier League football, Fulham are parting ways with the experienced (and scarcely-used) trio of Joe Bryan, Paulo Gazzaniga and Shane Duffy. However, Marco Silva has sanctioned contract offers for Willian and Neeskens Kebano, both of whom are tied to deals that expire on 30 June. Player Level William Brook Under-21 Adam Forshaw Senior Stuart McKinstry Under-21 Joel Robles Senior Adam Forshaw didn't start a single Premier League victory for Leeds throughout the 2022/23 campaign, last beginning a top-flight win in March 2022. In a desperate and ultimately unsuccessful bid to avoid relegation, Sam Allardyce shunted Joel Robles between the sticks. The goalkeeper conceded 11 goals in four games, failing to earn a win or a new contract. Player Level Daniel Amartey Senior Ryan Bertrand Senior Tete Senior Kelechi Chibueze Under-21 Jonny Evans Senior Thakgalo Leshabela Under-21 Nampalys Mendy Senior Ronny Nelson Under-21 Josh Eppiah Under-21 Terell Pennant Under-21 Ayoze Perez Senior Caglar Soyuncu Senior Bayli Spencer-Adams Under-21 Thanawat Suengchitthawon Under-21 Youri Tielemans Senior Leicester paid the price for their inactivity in the summer transfer market with the club's first Premier League relegation since 2004. The Foxes can scarcely afford to be as passive in the current window after confirming the release of seven senior players. Youri Tielemans has already secured a move to Europe-bound Aston Villa and Leicester will also miss out on a transfer fee for Caglar Soyuncu. The wizened old heads of Daniel Amartey and Ryan Bertrand have been let go while newly minted MBE Jonny Evans is reportedly in negotiations with the club even though he has been included on the Premier League's list of released players. Player Level Roberto Firmino Senior Jack Bearne Under-21 Liam Hughes Under-21 Naby Keita Senior Oscar Kelly Under-21 James Milner Senior Fidel O'Rourke Under-21 Oludare Olufunwa Under-21 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Senior Jurgen Klopp said goodbye to "four Liverpool legends" at the end of the 2022/23 campaign. Roberto Firmino and James Milner started a bonkers 4-4 draw against Southampton in the last game of the season and received a warm ovation from the travelling Merseyside support at the final whistle. In a fitting reflection of their Liverpool careers, both Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita were injured for the season ender. Player Level Terrell Agyemang Under-21 Ilkay Gundogan Senior Rowan McDonald Under-21 Benjamin Mendy Senior Speculation is rife surrounding the future of Manchester City's treble-winning captain Ilkay Gundogan. With interest from Arsenal looming, Gundogan was included on the City's released list but could still renegotiate a new deal with the freshly-crowned European champions. Player Level Di'Shon Bernard Under-21 David de Gea Senior Ethan Galbraith Under-21 Phil Jones Senior Axel Tuanzebe Senior Charlie Wellens Under-21 Manchester United confirmed the release of two defenders that were once considered hugely promising. Injuries eventually ground Phil Jones down while Axel Tuanzebe has failed to rediscover the form which helped him muzzle Kylian Mbappe during a Champions League tie in 2020. David de Gea has been grouped together with these outcasts but 90min understands that the keeper and his manager are keen to negotiate a new deal. Player Level Niall Brookwell Under-21 Ciaran Clark Senior Daniel Langley Under-21 Matty Longstaff Senior Joshua Stewart Under-21 Isaac Westendorf Under-21 While Sean Longstaff steals himself for his first season of Champions League football, his brother Matty has been released by the club. Republic of Ireland defender Ciaran Clark has also been let go while Matt Ritchie and Dan Burn had one-year extensions triggered. Player Level Andre Ayew Senior Jack Colback Senior William Fewster Under-21 Alexander Gibson-Hammond Under-21 Ryan Hammond Under-21 Nicky Hogarth Under-21 Adnan Kanuric Senior Jesse Lingard Senior Cafu Senior Lewis Salmon Under-21 Jordan Smith Senior Lyle Taylor Senior The most active Premier League club in last season's transfer windows have sanctioned several departures already this summer.  While opting against extending the loans of either goalkeeper Keylor Navas or Dean Henderson, the Tricky Trees have parted ways with Jesse Lingard after 12 months. Andre Ayew lasted just half a season before the Ghana international was given the green light to leave. Player Level Goran Babic B-team Samuel Bellis B-team Willy Caballero Senior Mohamed Elyounoussi Senior Matthew Hall B-team Zuriel Otseh-Taiwo B-team Leon Pambou B-team Fedel Ross-Lang B-team Jak Stewart B-team Will Tizzard B-team Jack Turner B-team Theo Walcott Senior Caleb Watts B-team Theo Walcott last played for Southampton in the Championship as a 16-year-old. The former England international did not fancy a return to the second tier aged 34, opting to leave at the expiry of his contract.  Mohamed Elyounoussi and veteran goalkeeper Willy Caballero came to the same conclusion. Player Level Jamie Bowden Under-21 Kallum Cesay Under-21 Malachi Fagan-Walcott Under-21 Marqes Muir Under-21 Lucas Moura Senior There was the distinct danger that Lucas Moura's last meaningful act in a Tottenham shirt would have been to present the ball to Diogo Jota for a last-minute Liverpool equaliser. However, the Brazilian left north London on a far brighter note, weaving through the yawning chasms in Leeds' backline before finding the net on the last day of his last season at the club. Player Level Brian Kinnear Under-21 Manuel Lanzini Senior Mipo Odubeko Under-21 Armstrong Okoflex Under-21 While most of West Ham's transfer window will revolve around the potential destination of Declan Rice, the east London outfit have had parted ways with Manuel Lanzini, another hugely talented midfielder but at the other end of his career. Player Level Michael Agboola Under-21 Diego Costa Senior Jack Hodnett Under-21 Joao Moutinho Senior Luke Matheson Under-21 Lee McLaughlin Under-21 Taylor Perry Under-21 Jack Scott Under-21 Adama Traore Senior