Right, who forgot to tell the CAS that the last thing you do with Manchester City is enable their spending habits?  Last season's English champions were staring at a very rough couple of years ahead. With the prospect of no Champions League, they might have been bracing for the departures of a host of key players, without the platform or reach to adequately replace them.  Now? Bloody hell, they can do whatever they want - especially with FFP rules being eased due to the coronavirus financial crisis.  Can the rest of us not appeal their appeal?   They do say that enemy of your enemy is your friend, and Coutinho has made it abundantly clear that he still considers Manchester United his enemy, owing to the time he spent at Anfield.  A vaguely Pep Guardiola-ish player, overpriced despite the fact he'd only cost about  £50m at this stage, a weekly wage higher than most Premier League teams' monthly bill...sounds about right, doesn't it?   Do not ever tell Manchester City they have enough full-backs. It just doesn't compute with them, you'd be wasting your energy.  Kyle Walker, Joao Cancelo, Benjamin Mendy and Oleksandr Zinchenko should theoretically be enough, especially when you've already got Yan Couto coming in and Angelino to return.  How else do you mark the lifting of a European ban, though, except by breaking the full-back transfer record another three times?  If for no other reason, then do it to stick it to United.  Sancho slipped through City's fingers in 2017, but now they've been left under no illusions as to what he's capable of, now could be the time to make amends in the form of a bid Dortmund will actually expect...as opposed to United's strategy of persistently low-balling them into submission.  The days when Koulibaly was the only centre-back on the planet who could hold a candle to Virgil van Dijk are long gone - nowadays no-one can do it - but he remains highly sought-after. It's difficult to imagine City throwing in many from set pieces with him and Aymeric Laporte in the same team, anyway.  Let's just ignore the fact he has openly expressed his desire to stay at Napoli. Once again, money talks.   Harry Kane will be 27 this summer. He has yet to win a team trophy as professional footballer. That's odd. Little over a year ago, things were looking up for Hazza. He was a Champions League finalist, a World Cup Golden Boot winner, in a team that was going places. Now, well, you're aware of the upcoming Amazon documentary, aren't you? Soon will come a time when Kane has to make a decision about his future. City will surely be waiting. Yeah yeah, five Ballons d'Or, ten La Ligas, four Champions Leagues and more goals than anyone can be bothered to count any more, blah blah blah. None of that really counts until he does it in The Barclays. Careers aren't made on trophies and success. They're made on arctic Wednesdays in Wolverhampton, trying to find a yard of space in behind Conor Coady, who's left his 18-yard box twice  in 75 minutes of football. 