Inter have told Manchester United they must raise their offer for Andre Onana, sources have confirmed to 90min, after the Red Devils made a second bid for the goalkeeper worth    50m ( £43m). The Italian giants had already rejected one approach from United worth a total of    45m ( £38.5m), but talks have continued between the two parties. United returned to the negotiating table with a second offer, this time worth    45m in guaranteed money plus    5m in add-ons, but Inter have made it clear that the 13-time Premier League winners must come closer to their    60m ( £51m) valuation. Sources indicate that the two clubs may end up meeting between the two amounts in order to close a deal, with Inter's precarious financial situation meaning they must sell players before reinvesting in their squad. Onana has been established by Erik ten Hag as his top goalkeeping target after United withdrew a contract offer to last season's first choice, David de Gea - the Spaniard is technically a free agent now that his previous deal has expired. It's expected United will speak to De Gea about his long-term plan but Ten Hag has decided it's important to upgrade in the position this summer if the club can attract the right player for the right price. feed Interest from Saudi Arabia has already been rebuffed by Onana, with the Cameroon international instead keen to reunite with Ten Hag, who was his manager for five years at Ajax. Inter need to raise money to balance their books and recently sold high-earner Marcelo Brozovic to Al Nassr. Davide Frattesi has already replaced him in midfield, but Inter also have ambitions to bring Romelu Lukaku back to San Siro after a loan spell last year. United completed the signing of Mason Mount from Chelsea on Wednesday, in a deal worth up to  £60m if all add-ons are met, and are keen to add a centre forward to their squad. Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund is emerging as one of their key striking targets, with higher value targets such as Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen looking difficult to attain.