Cristiano Ronaldo will target a move to Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season if Manchester United fail to qualify for the Champions League     which is looking increasingly likely. If Ronaldo does make that move he would link up with Lionel Messi, a player that Barcelona president Joan Laporta has denied the club regrets letting go. The frontrunners to sign the free-scoring Erling Haaland are Manchester City and Real Madrid, though Bayern Munich and Barcelona remain very much in the hunt for his signature. The race for Marcus Rashford is hotting up amid Premier League interest from Arsenal, Newcastle and West Ham, while PSG could make a move for the Manchester United forward if Kylian Mbappe joins Real Madrid in the summer. Eden Hazard may finally have a route out of his nightmare spell in Spain with Newcastle keen to open talks for the once-mercurial forward.  Chelsea are set to lose Andreas Christensen to long-term admirers Barcelona at the end of the season, while captain Cesar Azpilicueta is also in talks over a return to Spain. In addition to signing Christensen and Azpilicueta, Barcelona hope to complete deals for summer free agent Franck Kessie and Ajax full-back Noussair Mazraoui. Chelsea are targeting an incoming in the form of RB Leipzig's Christopher Nkunku, although they face competition for his signature from Manchester City. Arsenal are ready to rival PSG for the signature of Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta, formerly of AC Milan, and are also interested in signing Sergi Roberto - who wants to leave Barcelona to join a Premier League club. Gabriel Martinelli has 'no intention' of leaving Arsenal despite being linked with a move to Premier League title chasers Liverpool. Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence     who has been instrumental in Nottingham Forest's run through to the FA Cup quarter-finals during a loan spell - is attracting heavyweight interest from both home and abroad. Manchester City and Tottenham are keen, as are Bundesliga duo Bayern Munich and RB Leipzig. Matt Targett is expected to join Newcastle on a permanent basis in the summer after impressing on loan from Aston Villa. Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco says he turned down offers from four Premier League clubs during the January transfer window.