Leeds United are considering making a move for Sergio Romero as they begin their preparations for life in the Premier League     and the Argentine is open to a transfer.  SHOP NOW: Get historic Leeds United kits from Kitbag! The Whites won the Championship last weekend to earn promotion in style, ending a 16-year absence from the top flight. With seven weeks to go until the start of the new season, they are already looking at possible signings for the upcoming campaign. According to Argentine channel TyC Sports, Leeds are looking to sign Romero as a new goalkeeper option for next season. Manager Marcelo Bielsa is keen to make a move for the 33-year-old, a fellow Argentine with Premier League experience. The Metro add that Romero is already considering his future at Manchester United, frustrated that he was dropped for the FA Cup semi-final defeat against Chelsea. He has made just 15 appearances this season, playing once since football   s restart. Romero joined United in 2015, though has always served as backup to David de Gea. The goalkeeper has made just 59 appearances for the Red Devils, winning four different major honours throughout his five years at the club. With his contract expiring next summer and approaching the twilight of his career, Romero could be tempted away with the guarantee of first-team football. His status at Old Trafford is also under threat, with Dean Henderson potentially returning from his loan spell at Sheffield United to compete for the number one spot. Playing regular football could be critical for Romero, especially in terms of his international career. Although the 33-year-old goalkeeper has remained Argentina   s number one since 2009, he has only played 27% of games since November 2017. He is starting to lose grasp of his starting spot, with Chelsea   s Willy Caballero and River Plate   s Franco Armani providing firm competition. Leeds finished 10 points clear at the top of the Championship, finally confirming their return to the top flight. The Whites were one of the founding 22 Premier League clubs, finishing as high as third in 2000 before being relegated four years later.