Manchester United target Jadon Sancho is thought to be looking to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer and has been described as    excited    about the prospect of linking up with his potential new teammates at Old Trafford in the coming weeks. United have lacked a proper winger or wide forward on the right flank since Antonio Valencia started being converted into a full-back prior to 2015. As a young English talent with 72 goals and assists to his in the last twos seasons alone, Sancho is seen as a perfect fit. Any problems United encounter while trying to sign him won   t be down to the player himself, with personal terms expected to be the more straightforward part of the deal. According to the Daily Mirror, Sancho does want to leave Dortmund and is    excited    that he could soon be lining up with Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Mason Greenwood. Those four players have scored 14 of United   s 15 Premier League goals between them since the season restarted, with a fit and happy again Paul Pogba getting the other. Indeed, Pogba himself recently commented on what it   s like playing behind those attackers.    I   m enjoying just watching Bruno, Rashford, Martial and Mason and seeing them score goals. You just keep applauding, it   s beautiful   they make me enjoy football every time!    he said. Even the fact that United may not be immediately ready to challenge for the Premier League title next season is not thought to be putting Sancho off because the project is an attractive one.    Manchester United can   t promise titles to Sancho straight away. But they can promise him to be the leading star in a new team that is emerging. From what I   ve been told that is quite appealing to him,    author and journalist Raphael Honigstein reported for The Athletic in April. 90min first revealed back in September that United are confident of signing Sancho this year, a stance which has not changed despite the need for more careful financial considerations amid the ongoing impact of the coronavirus pandemic. United are still thought to have set aside a considerable sum of money to sign Sancho and could even try to spread the cost to alleviate any short-term financial burden. And while Dortmund are determined to pocket as much as they can for the 20-year-old, the Bundesliga side is at least prepared to let him go and have confirmed they are considering replacements.