Manchester United have held conversations with Benjamin Pavard's representatives after the France international indicated his desire to leave Bayern Munich, 90min understands. Pavard has one year left on his current deal with the Bundesliga champions, but informed the club earlier this week that he wanted to explore a new challenge in England, Italy or Spain. A number of Europe's top clubs are set to explore the situation in the coming days and weeks, as the transfer window opens across the continent. Champions League finalists Manchester City and Inter hold interest of their own, while Real Madrid and Barcelona are ready to hold talks once the Spanish league season concludes. Liverpool have been in talks with Bayern over potentially bringing Ryan Gravenberch to Anfield, and also hold interest in 27-year-old Pavard. 90min first revealed interest in Pavard's situation from a number of Europe's biggest teams in April. feed The aforementioned clubs have been alerted to a transfer which represents good value for money, with Bayern's price to sell Pavard sitting at around    30m. They are willing to cash in given the player has indicated his desire to leave, while they are also looking to raise funds to reinvest in the squad - Bayern are looking to sign a new first choice striker and are interested in West Ham's Declan Rice. United, meanwhile, are in the market to sign cover at centre-back and right-back at a suitable price. 90min has reported previously of their interest in Napoli's Kim Min-jae and Ajax's Jurrien Timber, though Pavard would likely be a cheaper alternative to the two. The former Lille and Stuttgart defender has wanted to leave Bayern for a number of months, and even before the arrival of Thomas Tuchel as Julian Nagelsmann's replacement. His desire is to move to another European "giant" and feels that now is the right time. Pavard's camp are actively assessing his options and there are many to consider. The player indicated late last year of his interest in moving to Italy to link up with Olivier Giroud at Milan. "Olivier always tells me that Italy is a country that thrives on football one hundred per cent," Pavard said. "He told me about the magic of the derbies, the great celebration of fans for the Scudetto. I'd really like to play with him also because he   s a great friend. We'll see." LISTEN NOW