Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag refused to answer a question regarding the speculation linking the Brazilian with a move to Old Trafford. A report from French publication L'Equipe this week claimed that United have opened talks with PSG and that Casemiro has been trying to persuade his international teammate to join him at United. Neymar joined PSG in a world record    222m transfer from Barcelona in 2017 when the French giants ambitiously triggered his buyout clause at Camp Nou. His current contract at Parc des Prince, which was signed in 2021, has another two years to run. 90min has previously reported that Manchester United have been among the clubs contacted by intermediaries to make them aware of Neymar   s potential availability. But Ten Hag chose to give a vague and general answer when asked for comment. "When we have news, we will tell you," the Dutchman said. 90min reported just this week that United are being kept informed of Neymar's situation, but hold no active interest in the 31-year-old at this time. United are considering signing two central strikers this summer, which Neymar isn't, with Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen, Lautaro Martinez and Dusan Vlahovic among high profile primary considerations. The second would likely be a younger player to develop - Rasmus Hojlund, Santiago Gimenez and Goncalo Ramos. Benjamin Sesko and Mohammed Kudus have also been recommended by scouts. feed 90min first revealed last summer that the PSG hierarchy has been considering the possibility of letting the player go. Club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi also warned around that time that PSG are looking to change strategy: "We don't want flashy, bling-bling anymore, it's the end of the glitter." As such, intermediaries briefed Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea and nouveau riche Newcastle last summer about Neymar   s potential availability. However, PSG were still weighing up whether selling the Brazilian before the World Cup was the right move for them. 90min reported in February of this year that Neymar was again offered to a number of Premier League clubs by intermediaries, making Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, Newcastle and Liverpool aware of the player's interest in moving to England and his potential availability. As of the start of May, 90min was able to reveal that Newcastle's majority owners, Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, are interested in bringing Neymar to the Premier League. PIF had also shown interest in Cristiano Ronaldo until it was decided that the 38-year-old would not be the right fit for the current team that has been assembled. But Neymar could be, given Newcastle's need for a left-sided forward and a handful of other Brazilians already on Tyneside.