Borussia Dortmund's director, Michael Zorc, has rubbished transfer speculation linking star striker Erling Haaland with a move to Real Madrid.  Zorc, who oversees all transfer activity at the Bundesliga club, brought Haaland to Dortmund in January for just  £18m from RB Salzburg. Since then, the Norwegian has cemented himself as one of the world's hottest properties and deadliest goal threats. The 2020 Golden Boy reportedly has a  £67m release clause in his contract, which becomes active in 2022. While this would be an absolute bargain for a player of his calibre in just over a year's time, Zorc insists that Haaland will not be relocating in the immediate future.  ?Dortmund sports director Michael Zorc on Erling Haaland ??:    We are planning for the long term with Erling. He plays well for us and he hasn't been with us that long,  not even one year. In this respect, I would like to see him with us for a while yet.    #BVB pic.twitter.com/4ThPYMLOqf Speaking at a press conference, Zorc said: "We plan for the long-term with Erling. I see him with us for a long time," as quoted by Goal. Despite being a plan for the long-term, Haaland has proved a success in the short-term for Dortmund. Since his arrival in January, the Norwegian international has featured 31 times for the club and, incredibly, has netted 33 goals. In midweek he became the quickest player to reach 15 Champions League goals as he scored a brace against Club Brugge. This came after being named the Golden Boy for 2020 at the weekend.  Despite only being at Dortmund for just under a year and being tied to the club until 2024, his form has understandably provoked much interest from other suitors. Most heavily linked are Zinedine Zidane's Real Madrid who have not enjoyed the best of starts in La Liga this campaign.  Rivaldo believes Erling Haaland is destined for a big transfer and can prosper in La Liga as Real Madrid eye the Borussia Dortmund sensation.Haaland only joined Dortmund from Salzburg in January but the 19-year-old has  already been linked to La Liga giants Madrid.#BVB #RMA pic.twitter.com/hN16fkaYEx