Look at that smile! Isn't that the face of someone who is over the moon to move over 450 miles north? It sure is. But while Shane Duffy is a happy bunny, so too are Brighton and Scottish champions Celtic. Duffy    ?????????    ?? @FAIreland international defender, Shane Duffy has joined #CelticFC on a season-long loan! ??Welcome, @shaneduffy! ?? A transfer that is hardly going to grab too many headlines, nor leave Brighton fans too disheartened, it constitutes a solid piece of business that leaves nobody in the mire. 130 games for Brighton since joining the club from Blackburn, the Derry man has put pen to paper on a one-year loan deal to cross the border and join title-chasing Celtic. He's clearly ecstatic, speaking in joyous terms about how joining the club he's supported as a boy is a dream come true. He said:    I   m delighted, it   s something that I   ve always dreamed of doing and I   m just excited to get up there now and get going. Hopefully I can do my best for the club. I   m over the moon, it   s been a long time coming! So, yeah, he's pretty pleased. And Celtic will be too, since they've brought in competition for a starting berth as well as adding goals to their defence. With Christopher Jullien they have that goal presence already, but throw in a dash of Duffy and there is no reason why they shouldn't be a threat at every set piece.  Heck, go with a back three and put Kristoffer Ajer in with the other two and you've got probably the most physically imposing backline in Europe. Granted they'll have literally no pace, but it's still an option available to them. Netting five in 35 Premier League outings for Brighton in the 2018/19 season, he followed that up with just one last season, albeit most of his outings came as late substitute appearances with his side defending a lead. Scottish football is growing in technical ability, but there is still the rugged, rough and tumble aspect to it that suits Duffy's style down to a tee. Loving a meaty challenge, there is no reason why he won't slot seamlessly into Neil Lennon's side. As for Celtic, aiming for another historic milestone this time around, they're on the surge for a tenth consecutive league title. Apart from Ajer and Julien, their central defensive options aren't great. Lennon knew full well the pair weren't going to be able to lead the charge all by themselves, thus a boyhood Celtic fan, who's a solid defender to boot, fits the bill nicely. My dream to play for Celtic is here.  I can   t thank everyone enough who helped me get this move done . I will give it my everything for this club to succeed while I am here now let   s go do it I CANT wait       ? pic.twitter.com/J5wFWdi5UV As for Brighton, they're (seemingly) trying to recruit every centre-half in Europe this season, with no place in the squad for Duffy. Having initially wanted a fee for the 28-year-old, they waived those demands to allow their servant of fours years to complete his dream move. How nice. Wages partially off the bill and a fresh injection of youth with the long-term contract signed by Ben White. Everything about this deal just works. It's a nice move. Just...nice.  Moreover, Celtic fans are, on first glance, chuffed to bits. A window of real promise got it's icing on top of the cake with the no-nonsense, die hard fan Duffy coming through the doors, with the ultimate goal of ten in a row looking increasingly achievable.