Bayern Munich have enquired about Frenkie de Jong's availability as Barcelona's financial difficulties continue, 90min understands. The German champions are in the market for a new midfielder and have targeted West Ham's Declan Rice in recent weeks, though the player favours staying in the Premier League. Manchester City and Arsenal are currently in a bidding process for the player. Bayern have held interest in De Jong for some time and have touched base to assess the potential of a deal, with the Dutch midfielder a strong alternative. De Jong was also wanted by Chelsea last summer - when current Bayern coach Thomas Tuchel was in the Stamford Bridge hot seat. De Jong has been a long-term target for Erik ten Hag's Manchester United, who themselves are hoping to sign up to two midfielders for next season, and it's understood that they would be prepared to enter the mix to sign him dependent on availability - having targeted the 26-year-old through the entirety of last summer. United reached an agreement with Barcelona for the transfer to take place worth an overall    85m, but couldn't complete the deal due to an issue over millions of euros in deferred wages, which Barcelona owed to De Jong after he took a pay cut during the pandemic. 90min understands this problem has not yet been solved between the player's camp and the club. De Jong has always maintained publicly that he wanted to stay at Barcelona, and it remains the case that they are his dream club to play for. He established himself as a key player under Xavi last season as Barcelona won La Liga and is now established as one of the team's leaders. However, the departure of Sergio Busquets, and the replacement they choose to bring in, could still yet affect De Jong's future at some point in the summer. Barcelona are looking at signing Dani Parejo from Villarreal among other cheaper options, though Martin Zubimendi is a younger candidate and a natural fit for the pivot role that could be targeted dependent on player sales. feed Barcelona would need to raise cash to press forward with a deal for the Real Sociedad midfielder, and are looking to shift the likes of Franck Kessie, Ansu Fati and other unwanted players to raise money and give them room to maneouvre in the market. Should they not receive suitable bids for players they wish to sell, however, the club would likely consider substantial offers for established names - as evidenced with their acceptance of United's bid for De Jong last summer. 90min understands De Jong is a little worried about his playing time as Barcelona's search for a new holding midfielder to replace Busquets is live and fluid. They are expected to sign a cheaper and more experienced option to fill a gap in the squad but could yet sign a first choice dependent on circumstances. Alongside Zubimendi, Marcelo Brozovic of Inter has been targeted - though is considering an offer from Saudi Arabia - while Bayern's Joshua Kimmich's future is not yet decided amid public interest from Barcelona. Kimmich is well-liked by Xavi, who told Mundo Deportivo earlier in June that "if there is an open door, there will be a negotiation with Bayern" for a player he once called "one of the best in the world". "What is clear is that we need a player of a very high level in that position, otherwise, it will be very difficult to compete next year," Xavi added on the position to Mundo. The potential arrival of Kimmich could spell difficulty for De Jong in terms of minutes at Barcelona, and would leave another hole in Bayern's midfield that they would look to fill. Ten Hag and United, dependent on De Jong's availability, are not expected to be far away from any deal for De Jong if a potential departure becomes a reality. Sources have indicated to 90min recently that the former Ajax midfield remains a player that Ten Hag "adores" and in an ideal world, he would still be the perfect midfielder for his project at Old Trafford. United have made three offers to Chelsea for Mason Mount and have pressed ahead with other players having failed in their attempts to sign De Jong last year. The club's takeover process - which has lasted seven months and counting - is not yet resolved, and has unquestionably hampered United's transfer activity so far this summer, much to the frustration of Ten Hag behind the scenes.