Newcastle United manager Eddie Howe insists that the club will only sign the "right players" as they continue their progression under new ownership - but will have to keep a close eye on finances at the same time. The Magpies are closing in on a place in the Champions League with five games of the domestic season remaining, holding a six point lead over fifth placed Liverpool with a game in hand. They welcome second placed Arsenal to St. James' Park this weekend. Newcastle will inevitably need to plan ahead and with potential qualification for the Champions League coming ahead of schedule this season, thoughts will soon turn to how they get their squad ready to compete with Europe's elite. Majority shareholders PIF are the wealthiest owners in the Premier League, and have already spent nearly a quarter of a billion pounds on players since taking over the club in late 2021. feed 90min revealed earlier this week that PIF were keen on bringing Brazilian Neymar to the club, which they feel would be within their means. Qualification for the Champions League will also free up spending power under FFP rules. However, Howe remains reserved about possible targets and the finances behind them - in a week that also saw them linked with Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. "Since the takeover, naturally everyone has assumed that the biggest names in world football will be going to Newcastle. Now, we   ve not recruited in that way. Financially, we can   t recruit that way at the moment," said Howe ahead of the weekend clash with Arsenal. "But also, we have to bring the right people and the right players into the group. I will say that the transfer market is such a complex decision. You can   t just pick a name and bring them in     there   s got to be a lot of thought goes into what we   re doing, both financially and looking at the players. "It doesn   t frustrate me because the players you mention are incredible players. I don   t waste any time over speculation. I know what direction I want to take the team in."