Newcastle United intend to bolster Eddie Howe's squad with up to half a dozen new signings, 90min understands, with a number of recently relegated players among those under consideration. The Magpies booked a place in next season's Champions League after securing a top-four Premier League finish - the first time they will have appeared in the competition for 20 years. Around  £150m was spent on new players over the course of the 2022/23 season - Nick Pope, Sven Botman, Alexander Isak and Anthony Gordon among those to arrive - and sources have confirmed to 90min that the spending will continue to ensure the club remain competitive at a high level. Among the positions on the club's shopping list are a right-sided centre-back, a left-back, two central midfielders and a wide forward, and there's some potential bargains to be had from the teams who have been relegated not only from the Premier League but also from Europe's other top five leagues. The most high-profile targets are Leicester City duo James Maddison and Harvey Barnes, who have both been on the club's radar for a long time. The former was the subject of a  £50m from Newcastle last summer, which was turned down, and he remains one of the club's priorities. Interest in Barnes was first reported by 90min in April - a result of his outstanding form in a Leicester side who eventually dropped out of the top-flight just two years after winning the FA Cup. The 25-year-old scored 13 Premier League goals during 2022/23 and is a two-footed player capable of cutting inside the full-back or driving to the byline. Tottenham will provide competition for both player's signatures, while West Ham and Aston Villa are also keen admirers of Barnes. Newcastle have also shown interest in a quintet of Southampton players who are likely to leave St Mary's this summer following their relegation. Captain James Ward-Prowse is perhaps the highest profile player of interest, while versatile full-back Kyle Walker-Peters is another who has garnered attention from some of the Premier League's top clubs. Teenage prodigy Romeo Lavia is another player being followed by Newcastle and a host of other top Premier League sides - 90min reported in April that the Saints will look to cash in on the Belgian. Enquiries have also been made over 20-year-old Argentine playmaker Carlos Alcaraz, who has been at Southampton for less than six months after joining from Racing Club, and 21-year-old centre-back Armel Bolla-Kotchap, who made his senior international debut for Germany last year. Alcaraz may cost Newcastle as much as  £25m should they wish to pursue a deal - double what Southampton paid - while Bolla-Kotchap still has three years remaining on his contract. Leeds' demise from the Premier League is likely to see a number of their international players leave, with central midfielder Tyler Adams among those to have impressed Newcastle. The tenacious American was a key figure until a hamstring injury ended his season with 12 games remaining - Leeds picked up just eight points from a possible 36 without him in the side. Brenden Aaronson, Adams' international teammate with the United States, is another player admired by Newcastle, likewise Jack Harrison - the Magpies tried to sign him last summer but were unable to agree terms. He signed a new contract at Elland Road this year, after a deadline day move to Leicester fell through, but Newcastle may look to test Leeds' resolve with a summer bid. Newcastle have also been impressed by the versatility offered by Robin Koch, who can play in either central defence or just in front of the back four. The German international is just 26 and has been at Elland Road for three seasons. Another long-term Newcastle target relegated on the continent was teenage right-back Ivan Fresneda - a player the club have previously held talks with. His release clause of    40m has halved because of Real Valladolid's relegation from La Liga, but Arsenal, Aston Villa and Borussia Dortmund will provide stiff competition for the 18-year-old Spaniard's signature.