The Harry Kane transfer saga could have a few surprising twists and turns this summer. Tottenham Hotspur had informed their star striker that he would not be allowed to leave this window. Europe's top clubs initially expected Spurs to keep hold of him. But Bayern Munich have started to test the waters, submitting a    70m bid for Kane earlier this week. Tottenham denied that it even came in, but if it did it would be rejected out of hand. 90min understands Kane's camp have made Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain aware of developments. Spurs might not get the quiet summer they had been hoping for. So where should Kane go if he's afforded an exit this summer? Should he even leave at all? Let's assess his options. feed Pros: Can reunite with Mauricio PochettinoCons: Chelsea finished 12th and are a mess? Did everyone forget this? Chelsea's hiring of Tottenham legend Pochettino could throw the cat among the pigeons. 90min reported in April that Spurs were braced for the Blues to show an interest in Kane due to this appointment. But Pochettino took the Chelsea job because he couldn't stay unemployed forever. Kane won't have such a narrow choice of options if he decides to leave Tottenham and is aware of the implications it would have on his legacy. Pros: The existence of the EurostarCons: Moving here would be an admission that the trophy jibes get to him PSG are coming to the needed end of their superstar cycle. If any club is in need of a rebuild, it's them. Does it make sense for Kane to join such a project at this time, even if it came with the promise of winning a LEGACY ALTERING AND DEFINING Ligue 1 title? No. It probably makes even less sense on PSG's side. Pros: This is Manchester United Football Club we're talking aboutCons: This is Manchester United Football Club we're talking about The expectation among Spurs fans towards the start of Kane's rise was that if he were to leave, he would join the biggest club in the country. Man Utd are indeed interested in Kane and their fans chanted 'we'll see you in June' to the striker during their 2-2 draw at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium near the end of the 2022/23 season. But Daniel Levy's stance will likely make such a move impossible - he would prefer not to sell domestically and Man Utd would prefer simply not to talk to him. Pros: Guaranteed Bundesliga titlesCons: What are they really worth in modern-day currency? Bayern Munich have courted Kane for a year in belief they can convince him to join. It seems they have turned his head and part of the pitch is leading them to Champions League glory. That scans considering they've won 11 Bundesliga titles in a row and are probably using those famous spherical trophies to serve entrees at parties. But Bayern Munich are still Bayern Munich - it's a privilege alone to be their star player and starting striker. Pros: The biggest club in world footballCons: The looming presence of Kylian Mbappe Real Madrid have always admired Kane, and the sudden departure of Karim Benzema could see them advance their interest. The problem for Los Blancos is the possibility of signing Kylian Mbappe either this summer or next - can they really afford both if they're not free transfers? If heading to the Santiago Bernabeu is an option, then Kane should take it without hesitation. He may have to wait for that opening, however. Pros: Master of his own fateCons: A year's worth of intense media scrutiny If Kane is still in north London come September, it's likely the primary reason will be that Tottenham remained stern in their approach to bids. That should suit him. From January onwards, Kane would be in control of his destiny. He could speak to foreign clubs freely, get a little auction started, see if any other big-hitters make a play. Kane still has his sights set on breaking Alan Shearer's Premier League goal record later in his career. Staying at Spurs for one more season would help him chip away at that tally and take the pressure off returning to England in his prime, give him another opportunity to end the club's trophy drought without needing to focus on European competition. It's time for one last dance.