Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is the latest blockbuster target for Saudi Arabia's Pro League, sources have told 90min. Karim Benzema left Real Madrid to join Al Ittihad on Tuesday on a three-year deal and N'Golo Kante is close to joining him, and there's expected to be a wave of big-name players who follow their lead by joining Cristiano Ronaldo in the Middle East - he made the high-profile switch at the beginning of 2023. Chiefs in Saudi Arabia want to add more of Europe's elite talent to their ranks and sources have confirmed to 90min that Pogba is firmly on their radar. The 30-year-old has endured an injury and controversy-riddled campaign following his return to Juventus last summer from Manchester United. The Frenchman started just one Serie A game last season, while he was dropped from Juventus' squad for their Europa League knockout tie with Freiburg because of disciplinary issues' earlier in the year. Despite his struggles Pogba has insisted that he wants to remain in Turin and prove his worth, but Juve themselves have endured a tumultuous campaign beset with off-field controversies. Those ultimately spilled out on to the field in the form of a ten-point deduction for financial irregularities. manual Juventus are now looking at a potential rebuild this summer - they will play in the Europa Conference League qualifiers next year after missing out on Champions League and Europa League football - and that could lead to the potential departure of Pogba, who is one of their highest earners. The opportunity to offload Pogba to Saudi Arabia may prove to be tempting for Juve, while a potential transfer would be another significant coup for the Pro League. All of the big-name signings secured so far have been free transfers but with the nation's Public Investment Fund (PIF), who also own Newcastle United, pumping funds into the Pro League's top four clubs - Al Ittihad, Al Ahli, Al Nassr and Al Hilal - they will have no issues in paying substantial fees for any future targets. Benzema has moved to Saudi Arabia on a deal worth in excess of  £250,000-a-day without tax - Kante will follow suit when he officially puts pen to paper - and Pogba can expect a similar pay day should he end up making the move to the Middle East.