Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has confirmed his club   s interest in having on-loan Real Madrid full-back Achraf Hakimi remain at Westfalenstadion for a third season, while the player himself is not thought to be against the idea after so far thriving in Germany. Still only 21, Hakimi joined Dortmund as a teenager in 2018 on a temporary two-year deal, after failing to consistently earn a place in Real Madrid's matchday squads. The switch to Germany has proven to be a masterstroke for Hakimi, whose development has been substantial, particularly this season. He has scored 12 goals in 70 total appearances for Dortmund and is now considered one of the brightest full-back talents in Europe. According to Bild, Hakimi is not against remaining at Dortmund and Zorc has expressed the club   s intent on trying to get him back in time for next season - even though he will initially return to parent club Real Madrid once the 2019/20 campaign is over. "The contractual situation is clear     he will  return  to  Real Madrid  for the time being. We will still try to get him to play with us next season, but it is too early to discuss that now,    Zorc said. Hakimi would continue to get regular football if he is to return to Dortmund, whereas going back to Real next season would entail a difficult battle with the established Dani Carvajal. The player will not be short of options regardless as 90min has been told by a source that Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham have all made enquiries to Real. Paris Saint-Germain, Inter and Juventus are also keeping a watchful eye, while Dortmund are    desperate    to keep him. But despite Bild reporting that Hakimi is open to staying at Dortmund, his overriding desire is still to return to the Spanish capital and become a regular there.    He wants to play games, like this season, where he has started every match. There's no rush. His only aspiration is to play games to help his development,    agent Alejandro Camano told a local radio station Onda Madrid last month.  90min Exclusive: Chelsea, Man City & Tottenham have all enquired about the availability of Real Madrid   s @AchrafHakimi, who   s currently on loan at Dortmund. - - - @chelseafc @mancity @spursofficial @realmadrid @bvb09 #achraf #hakimi #dortmund #realmadrid #madrid #chelsea #mancity #laliga #bundesliga #premierleague #epl #football #90min A post shared by  90min (@90min_football) on Jun 10, 2020 at 8:07am PDT Camano explained the camp don   t want to    distance    themselves from Real and will    reach an agreement of some sort whether he stays or goes, without forgetting the aim is to play for Real.   