Bayern Munich have completed the long-awaited signing of Harry Kane from Tottenham Hotspur. The 30-year-old has signed a four-year contract with the Bundesliga giants, bringing the curtain down on a glittering Spurs career that saw him usurp Jimmy Greaves as the club's all-time record goalscorer. Kane has been Bayern's primary target this summer, as the Bavarians look to finally replace the guaranteed goals of Robert Lewandowski, and have finally got a deal over the line after months of negotiating with Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy. 90min understands that Bayern will pay    100m ( £86.4m) to Tottenham for Kane, but the deal could be worth more should potential add-ons be triggered. "Bayern is one of the biggest clubs in the world, and I   ve always said that I want to compete and prove myself at the highest level during my career," Kane told Bayern's media team after confirmation of the move. "This club is defined by its winning mentality." Kane leaves the Premier League widely regarded as one of the greatest strikers of the modern era. A Spurs academy graduate quickly dubbed 'one of our own', he broke into the first team towards the back end of the 2013/14 season, before scoring 21 Premier League goals and 31 in all competitions the following year. manual The club's famous number 10 shirt was soon his, and Kane continued to deliver the goods for Tottenham in addition to becoming one of England's best players. He won multiple Premier League Player of the Month awards (seven in total) and was named in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year five times. Kane also bagged the Premier League Golden Boot three times, though his career-best 30 goals during the 2017/18 season was not enough to earn him the gong ahead of Mohamed Salah. That goal haul was matched last season despite Tottenham's struggles in the Premier League, and it was apparent that Kane, who came close to leaving the club a couple of years ago to join Manchester City, may need to leave in order to fulfil his trophy ambitions. With just a year left on his contract, Real Madrid and Manchester United were expected to pounce, but it's Bayern Munich who have got a deal over the line after months of courting. Kane is believed to have been registered in time to play in Saturday's night German Super Cup final against RB Leipzig - a game that could see Kane lift the first silverware of his club career less than 24 hours after arriving in Germany.