Thomas Strakosha has admitted he is desperate to make the move to the Premier League, with Chelsea and Fulham both keen to sign the former Lazio goalkeeper. 90min understands Fulham were pushing to sign the free agent earlier this month but have since turned their attention to Arsenal's Bernd Leno, while reports elsewhere have named Chelsea as possible suitors in the event that current backup, Kepa Arrizabalaga, is sold. Lazio have been linked with Kepa in the past and the Spaniard is understood to be keen on a move away from Stamford Bridge after finding him stuck firmly behind Edouard Mendy in the pecking order at Chelsea. It's possible the two goalkeepers could change places this summer, and Strakosha has admitted he would listen to anything Chelsea had to say to him. "I'm completely honoured to be linked with a club like Chelsea," he told Fabrizio Romano. "I think all the clubs in the Premier League, to be linked, it's really important because, for me, it's the best league in the world. It's an honour. I'm really happy.  "I started from the bottom dreaming of this moment, so to be linked with them, it's a big honour and a big pleasure for my family and me." Strakosha also admitted he was honoured to be linked with Fulham as well but refused to discuss the idea of joining the Cottagers, although he did stress he hopes to join a club that can compete for trophies. "Whatever Premier League club is interested, it's an honour because I respect every club," he explained. "Being linked with a Premier League club, it's like the NBA of Europe. It's a really nice feeling. "I will still take my time to decide. I'm happy to have many things to decide, even if it makes my decision a lot harder. I'm really happy about that." He continued: "My dream is to win more titles. I want to end my career with many trophies, playing in the Champions League and, one day, winning the Champions League. It's been two years since my last title, so I'm a little hungry." While Strakosha did not mention any details about his next move, he repeatedly insisted that he is dreaming of a move to England. "Italy developed a lot in the last five or six years," he explained. "When I first came, the level was a little bit low, but the last six years...I think they deserve to be considered the second best league, maybe the third. Italy has a lot of potential. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers,  with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Sadio Mane's valuation as Liverpool win the race for Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United   s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more.