Harry Kane says he appreciates Tottenham director of football Fabio Paratici's comments about wanting him to stay at the club. The Spurs talisman has been heavily linked with a move away and revealed at the end of last season that he would hold talks with the club about a potential transfer. Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea are queuing up, but Paratici recently said he has no plans to say goodbye to the England captain.  He told Sky in Italy:    Keeping Kane is not just my goal, it   s our goal as a club. I can   t wait to watch him play live. I   ve been really lucky in the past years because I   ve watched a lot of top players and strikers, like Cristiano Ronaldo, Carlos Tevez, Alvaro Morata, Gonzalo Higuain, and many more which now I forgot about.    Right now, he   s one of the best strikers in the world. He   s a complete player, really special. His physique is that of a real No. 9, a true poacher, but he also has an incredibly refined technique.    He is able to shoot with both feet and also provides many assists     very few people notice this, because he scores so many goals. He   s a team player, but he   s a finisher at the same time, so really I believe he is among the top three in the world.    I haven   t heard from him yet because I don   t want to bother the players who are busy at the Euros; it doesn   t seem fair to me. They   re focused on their own goals with their national teams.    What a feeling. Rome to Wembley. Let   s go ! ?????????? pic.twitter.com/SaYUxwiYd7 And while Kane, speaking to TalkSport while on England duty, didn't exactly say that Paratici's kind words would persuade him to stay in north London, he showed his appreciation and revealed his thoughts on new head coach Nuno Espirito Santo. Kane said:    I heard Paratici wants me to stay at Tottenham and of course as a player you want to be wanted, you want to feel like you   re loved - which I do. It   s nice to hear and gives motivation. I   m sure we   ll get to know each other after the Euros.