Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante is poised to join Karim Benzema at Al Ittihad on a lucrative two-year deal, 90min understands. The 32-year-old is out of contract at Stamford Bridge this summer and has been in lengthy talks over an extension. There had been confidence in west London that Kante would ink fresh terms and prolong his stay at the club, despite interest from Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain. But 90min reported on Friday that Kante, who has struggled with numerous injury problems and was restricted to just seven Premier League appearances last season, had received an approach from the Middle East and was prepared to engage in talks to see what was on offer in Saudi Arabia. A meeting is understood to have taken place in London between Kante's representatives and a PIF delegation from Saudi Arabia, with an agreement now close on a blockbuster two-year contract that will see the Frenchman earn slightly less than his international teammate Benzema, who joined Al Ittihad on a three-year deal on Tuesday. 90min understands that the finishing touches are now being applied to the deal, which will end Kante's impressive eight-season stay in the Premier League. feed Regarded as one of the finest central midfielders of the modern era, Kante played a significant role in helping Leicester City achieve in the impossible in 2015/16, when they won the Premier League title, before replicating that success at Chelsea 12 months later. Kante also played significant roles in Chelsea's Europa League and Champions League successes in 2018/19 and 2020/21, while he has appeared in nine other cup finals for the club. His impending departure could be the first step of a dramatic makeover of Chelsea's bloated squad. New head coach Mauricio Pochettino has a number of decisions to make in terms of key personnel and 90min understands that Kante may not be the only departure from central midfield. Mateo Kovacic looks to be heading for the exit door, potentially to champions Manchester City, while Mason Mount's future at the club is uncertain amid interest from a number of Premier League rivals. The 24-year-old has agreed personal terms with Manchester United, though he could still remain in west London should Pochettino determine he's part of his long-term plans.