Former Liverpool and Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli is set to join Serie B side AC Monza on a short-term deal, which the club's CEO has described as his 'last chance'. The 30-year-old striker has been a free agent since his contract with Brescia was rescinded during the summer amid allegations of ill-discipline. According to Sky Sports, Balotelli will undergo a medical on Monday ahead of a deal that will see him join Monza until the end of the 2020/21 season. Monza, who based north-east of Milan, were promoted to Serie B after the 2019/20 season was cut short at the height of the pandemic. The club were bought by 83-year-old former AC Milan owner and Italian prime minster Silvio Berlusconi in 2018, who is dreaming of taking the club all the way to Serie A. Balotelli - who was also linked with Vasco de Gama and Barnsley - will be Monza's most high-profile acquisition yet, trumping the deal to sign ex-Tottenham and Barcelona star Kevin-Prince Boateng back in September. Monza's chief executive Adriano Galliani, who previously worked with Balotelli at AC Milan, spoke of the striker's imminent arrival, which he described as a 'last chance'.    I gave him a proper talking to, and told him this is truly the last, absolutely last, completely the last chance,    Galliani said, via  Gazzetta dello Sport.    I love Mario, he   s a player with the kind of technical and physical qualities that should   ve allowed him do so much more with his career.    There were flashes of exceptional quality and I can   t understand why he can   t get even better. After all, he is only 30 years old.    Berlusconi once famously described Balotelli as a 'rotten apple', though Galliani insists there is no bad blood between the boss and his new signing. Galliani said:    The president is enthusiastic, he gave me the all-clear, I passed Mario over to him on the phone and they had a talk.    The boy treated these talks like a friend. He accepted a lower salary with some variables that are based on performance, appearances and promotion into Serie A. Always making the headlines (???????? ??? ???-???????? ???????) and most recently linked with a move to Barnsley!Mario Balotelli is ????? a free agent. So where next? ? pic.twitter.com/I40VuM9tPk    His agent Mino Raiola also took no commission. Mario gave up a very important contract he could   ve had in Rio de Janeiro with Vasco da Gama."