Bayern Munich remain hopeful of signing Harry Kane from Tottenham Hotspur this transfer window, sources have told 90min. Kane has one year left to run on his contract and talks have stalled over a new deal, while Spurs' incredibly disappointing 2022/23 season has increased speculation of a move away this summer. 90min has long reported that Tottenham are confident of keeping their all-time record scorer and their stance has not changed. Chairman Daniel Levy will currently not entertain bids for Kane and a price tag has not been set or discussed. Spurs are in fact growing in confidence that they can convince Kane to want to stay due to the immediate impact of new head coach Ange Postecoglou, who has made a great impression around the club since confirmation of his appointment last month. But sources have told 90min that Bayern boss Thomas Tuchel believes there is still a chance that Kane could switch clubs in the coming months and is pushing for his signing. The German champions have courted Kane for the last year but their head coach is now driving their interest in the striker, to the extent that Tuchel has convinced Bayern to at least temporarily halt their pursuits of other forward targets such as Eintracht Frankfurt's Randal Kolo Muani. feed Bayern have made no secret of the fact they want to bring in a top-class number nine this window having failed to sign a direct replacement for Robert Lewandowski last summer. 90min recently reported that Tottenham denied they had received an opening    70m bid from Bayern, but if they did then it would have been rejected out of hand. Real Madrid had shown an interest in signing Kane and were informed by his camp last week that he would push for an exit, but they are unlikely to make a move for the England captain at this stage. Though Kane has plenty of admirers at the club, president Florentino Perez has made Kylian Mbappe - who has told PSG he will not extend his contract beyond 2024 and so could be sold this summer - Real Madrid's primary target. Los Blancos, like fellow suitors Manchester United, are of the belief that Kane will not be allowed to leave Tottenham and this is also contributing to the prioritising of their plans. If Spurs soften their stance, then Real Madrid's position could change.