Former Newcastle loanee Jetro Willems could return to the club in January, with the Dutchman's chances of resurrecting his career at parent club Eintracht Frankfurt appearing slim. The  left back's preferred destination is believed to be the Magpies, having enjoyed a successful loan spell at St. James' Park during the 2019/20 campaign before a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament ended his season. In the 19 games the 26-year-old played for Newcastle, Willems scored two and assisted two on his path to becoming popular with the Toon Army - something that wasn't hindered by his fine strike against Liverpool in September last year.  It didn't go well for Newcastle, but what a strike from Jetro Willems ?pic.twitter.com/qkHdZ18KAs The full-back is still on his way back from that ACL injury after ten months and it seems he is set to be on the move once his recovery is complete, with Frankfurt looking to cash in for a cut-price fee before the Netherlands international's contract expires in the summer. While Newcastle seems to be the player's ideal move, there is a possibility of the Netherlands international returning to another former side in PSV Eindhoven, the club at which Willems made a name for himself. Frankfurt reporter for Sport1 Christopher Michel spoke to Chronicle Live, saying: "I think Willems will either leave the club [Frankfurt] in winter for a small amount of money or he will switch to another club for free in the summer. "If Willems finds a new club it is going to be Newcastle or his old club PSV Eindhoven. I think Willems prefers a move to Newcastle but, if not, I think Eindhoven is the next realistic station for him."  There is no doubt the left-back would be welcomed with open arms on Tyneside. The familiar face would provide depth which is currently lacking in that position. Jamal Lewis has made a good start to his Newcastle career since arriving from Norwich, but the signing of Willems would provide healthy competition for a first-team place.  ? DEAL DONE: Newcastle have signed Jamal Lewis from Norwich for a reported  £15m on a five-year contract. (Source: @NUFC) pic.twitter.com/GGBqaFO13l