A number of Premier League clubs sent scouts to watch Kevin Danso, Seko Fofana and Lois Openda during Lens' win over Marseille on Saturday, 90min understands.  Lens have been one of the surprise packages in Ligue 1 this season and currently sit in second place in the table, leapfrogging Marseille with their 2-1 victory at the Stade Bollaert-Delelis.  Key to Lens' astonishing 2022/23 season has been the form of their best players, Danso, Fofana and Openda. That is form which, as expected, has caught the eye of a number of Premier League clubs. 90min understands that Arsenal, Manchester United, Liverpool, Newcastle, Aston Villa, Wolves and West Ham all sent scouts to the game to watch Lens' three star men.   feed Centre-back Danso, who spent a short time on loan at Southampton during the 2019/20 season, attracted particular interest from Manchester United, Liverpool, Newcastle, Aston Villa and Wolves scouts during the game, with the Austrian bagging an assist to boot.  Throughout the 2022/23 campaign, Danso has been the main man in a defence which has conceded a Ligue 1 low of just 26 goals in 34 games.   Both Manchester United and Liverpool are in the market for some defensive reinforcements this summer, with 90min recently reporting that the two clubs sent scouts to watch Ajax's Jurrien Timber. As well as a centre-back, Liverpool are also notably keen to sign central midfielders during the upcoming transfer window. As such, 90min understands that Reds scouts were also keeping a close eye on the performance of Seko Fofana during the Lens - Marseille game. The midfielder is the club captain and signed a new deal at the Ligue 1 outfit last year, but Liverpool as well as Newcastle and West Ham hold a long-standing interest in the player.  Fofana is on the lengthy list of midfielders Liverpool has kept an eye on in recent months. 90min recently reported that Ibrahim Sangare and Teun Koopmeiners are also among the options, and the club are also keen to finalise a move for Alexis Mac Allister this month.   Sources have confirmed to 90min that Lois Openda is of interest to Arsenal, who have the in-form striker on a list of potential number nine options ahead of the summer.  The 23-year-old has been one of the most in-form strikers in Europe recently, scoring 10 goals in his last eight appearances for Lens - including the winner at the weekend against Marseille.  Along with Openda, Arsenal also retain an interest in Dusan Vlahovic, who is keen to move to the Premier League after a different first full season at Juventus. 