Manchester City are hoping to celebrate overturning their European ban by tying manager Pep Guardiola down to a new contract.  The Court of Arbitration for Sport ruled that City had not broken any Financial Fair Play regulations and therefore permitted Guardiola's side to compete in the Champions League, handing the Citizens 'just' a    10m fine. Now that City know what the future looks like, they're ready to get a rebuild underway. Firstly, The Mirror state that they want to extend Guardiola's stay at the Etihad Stadium, and they hope that their commitment to a summer spending spree could help convince him to stay. Man City's Champions League ban has been lifted.Surprised? ? pic.twitter.com/RiXnRCojxu Guardiola has just one year left on his contract and has often dodged questions about his future, but City still remain keen to keep him and are eager to open negotiations in the near future. They hope to sweeten the deal by offering him a mighty war chest this summer. The Guardian state that City are ready to authorise a  £150m outlay this summer to try and ensure the team can compete with runaway title winners Liverpool next season. On Guardiola's wish list is Bayern Munich defender David Alaba. 90min understands that City tried to include the Austrian in the deal which took Leroy San   to the Allianz Arena, but even though that failed, Guardiola is still keen on the signing as he wants to strengthen both at left-back and centre-back - two of several positions in which Alaba is more than comfortable. However, The Telegraph don't have Alaba on the short list. Instead, it's Napoli centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly who is said to be Guardiola's top priority. The Senegal international is joined on the radar by Leicester City's Ben Chilwell and Aston Villa's Jack Grealish, the latter of whom is also wanted by cross-town rivals Manchester United. There's even a mention for Tottenham Hotspur's Jan Vertonghen, who will be out of contract this summer and is seen by some at the Etihad as a potential shrewd signing. A new striker and a new right-back are both thought to be lower on City's list of priorities, but it is suggested that City would pursue the right move if the chance presented itself. To complete the list of targets, The Athletic add Southampton's Ryan Bertrand, Bournemouth's Nathan Ak  , Valencia's Ferran Torres, Bayern's Kinglsey Coman and Bayer Leverkusen's Leon Bailey to the mix. Hectic.