Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has still had no direct contact with Juventus coach Maurizio Sarri or the Serie A club   s director of football Fabio Paratici over a rumoured switch to Turin, although the player   s agent has still hinted at possible interest. Jorginho joined Chelsea from Napoli in 2018 when Sarri was appointed coach at Stamford Bridge, yet current manager Frank Lampard is taking the team in a different direction. Jorginho is among 10 players Chelsea are thought to be open to selling this summer as the Blues look to fund an ongoing squad overhaul. Aside from the Italy international, Kepa Arrizabalaga, Antonio Rudiger, Kurt Zouma and Andreas Christensen are also among those who could go. Others like Emerson Palmieri, Michy Batshuayi, Danny Drinkwater, Victor Moses and Tiemoue Bakayoko, the latter three of whom have been on loan this season, are also on the market. In addition, 90min also revealed in May that N   Golo Kante could be sacrificed if an acceptable offer is received     Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain have shown interest. His Chelsea future became increasingly uncertain when he was an unused substitute in the FA Cup final against Arsenal.    Sarri has never called Jorginho personally to talk about Juventus. I know there   s talk in the papers, but we have never had direct contact with Sarri or even director of sport Fabio Paratici,    agent Joao Santos is quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph.    When the directors Paratici and Marina Granovskaia find an agreement, if they find an agreement, then and only then can I talk about the situation.    Everyone knows there is a very strong rapport between Sarri and Jorginho after five years working together, I   d be a hypocrite to deny that, but I also want to remind you that Jorginho has three years left on his Chelsea contract.    Santos told 90min back in April that despite having had no contact with Juventus, there were already two firm offers for Jorginho on the table from what he described as    top clubs   .    I have received official offers from two top clubs,    Santos said at the time.    I cannot say who, out of respect for Chelsea, because we are not allowed to negotiate at the moment. And, as I said before, there is a will to stay [at Chelsea]. But it is normal for a player of his calibre to be of interest to other clubs.