Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has revealed that Manchester United have already accomplished what they set out to do in the summer transfer window, but left the door open to some more new faces if the right deal surfaces. United have already completed a  £72.9m deal for winger Jadon Sancho and centre-back Raphael Varane is in Manchester to finalise his own transfer, with the pair joining backup goalkeeper Tom Heaton as new signings at Old Trafford. Away kit brazy. ? @ManUtd pic.twitter.com/PO5Mh1qdWI Fans have been wondering what the club's next move will be, and Solskjaer was asked for an answer during a recent Q&A, in which he confessed that United have moved quickly to accomplish all their transfer goals ahead of the new season. "Anything from now is a bonus," he said (via the Manchester Evening News). "I have to say that, with the two signings we   ve got, we   ve strengthened where we wanted to strengthen. Let   s see what happens. You never know in football. Anything can happen, ins and outs. "We need a big squad. The start is important, the whole season is important, but you need to arrive in April and May fresh and with enough options. Some might go on loan until Christmas, some might go for a season but I don   t want to be too light in any position. "We need players with X-factor who can make a difference. Bruno last year for example, maybe I overplayed him but it was because he was so important for us. Adding these extra players - Jesse [Lingard] coming back, Jadon [Sancho] coming in, Anthony [Martial] being fit again - it gives us a lot more to work with." On the subject of outgoings, Solskjaer touched on his goalkeeping situation. Both David de Gea and Dean Henderson want to be the starting stopper, while Heaton isn't just there to make up the numbers either, and the boss insisted everyone could work in harmony with the right attitude. "It depends on the characters you   ve got and how they gel," he continued. "It   s healthy competition. If you   re too comfortable, I don   t think you get the best out of yourself.  "You need an edge and you need an edge of    if I don   t perform, someone else is going to take my place   , but it has to be healthy for the team and healthy for the group. If it   s toxic and it   s energy-sapping that   s not great. Last year it was a new situation for David and a new situation for Dean. This year, let   s see how it works out." Finally, there was also the mandatory question about Paul Pogba, who has entered the final 12 months of his contract and is hesitating over an extension while he evaluates all his options. 90min recently reported that Pogba is taking time to assess his future.