Manchester United, Chelsea and Bayern Munich are among a cluster of Europe's top clubs that are considering offers to RB Leipzig to sign Benjamin Sesko next summer, even before he has kicked a ball in the Bundesliga, 90min has learned. Leipzig confirmed the signing of Sesko, who currently plays for RB Salzburg in Austria, in the summer transfer window, though the 19-year-old will only move at the start of next season. The Slovenian international will spend the remainder of the current campaign with the Austrian champions before making the step up to the top flight in Germany. Sesko disappointed a number of the continent's top sides with the decision to move to Leipzig, who managed to secure the deal for a cut price due to their relationship with Salzburg. The transfer was agreed for in the region of    24m - well below the market value for other clubs at the time. United were among the main contenders to sign Sesko before that decision was made, and the club's scouts are understood to be very impressed with the young striker. Erik ten Hag's need for a new centre forward remains apparent, but will escalate over the next year with Cristiano Ronaldo all but certain to leave Old Trafford in 2023. Sesko remains a long-term target for United but he is also attracting interest from Premier League rivals Chelsea. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Chelsea's interest in Declan Rice, Josko Gvardiol and Christopher Nkunku, what the future holds for Donny van de Beek and Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United, and the teams eyeing soon-to-be RB Leipzig striker Benjamin Sesko. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Chelsea, who have recently signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, are also in the market for a long term striking option and see Sesko as a viable candidate. German champions Bayern Munich, meanwhile, have added the player to a list of potential targets to replace Robert Lewandowski in the long term, as reported by 90min DE. It's understood the European giants are considering offers for next summer to tempt Leipzig into selling even before he has played for them, as a deal may suit all parties. Sesko would immediately command a greater market value upon arriving at Leipzig - especially if he has a strong season at Salzburg before joining - and his market value will only continue to increase if he hits the ground running in the Bundesliga next season.