90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain have decided to walk away from Lionel Messi's one-year contract extension option and allow him to leave the club this summer. Moves to Barcelona, Saudi Arabia and MLS have been touted. (Foot Mercato) Cristiano Ronaldo wants to leave Al Nassr after just four months in Saudi Arabia. Real Madrid could offer the 38-year-old a route back to European football. (El Nacional) Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola does not want to sign Neymar from Paris Saint-Germain amid concerns that his off-field antics could cause problems for the club. (El Nacional) Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are chasing the signature of Eintracht Frankfurt forward Randal Kolo Muani, who has scored 20 goals in all competitions during his first season in Germany. (Le10 Sport) Manchester United have three forward options listed earmarked in a case deal for Tottenham striker Harry Kane is unachievable - Kolo Muani, Inter's Lautaro Martinez and Roma's Tammy Abraham. (FourFourTwo) Arsenal's bid to sign young Real Valladolid right-back Ivan Fresneda is under threat because of interest from Newcastle and AC Milan. (Fichajes) feed Liverpool are interested in a summer move for Sporting CP's Uruguayan midfielder Manuel Ugarte, who could be available for around    60m ( £53m). (Rodrigo Romano) Sergio Busquets has made a decision on his future and will tell Barcelona whether or not he's staying in the coming days. (Fabrizio Romano) Liverpool and Manchester United target Jurrien Timber, who has spoken positively about leaving Ajax this summer, is valued at    50m ( £44m). (Sky Sports Germany) Manchester City are considering Real Madrid left-back Ferland Mendy as they look to replace Joao Cancelo, who joined Bayern Munich in January on loan with an option to buy. (Fichajes) Tottenham are keeping an eye on Crystal Palace defender Marc Guehi as they bid to strengthen their fragile backline. (Evening Standard)