90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are ready to battle Arsenal for the signing of Declan Rice, though the Gunners remain the favourites to bring in the England midfielder. West Ham manager David Moyes has admitted Rice could leave the club this summer. (Guardian) Another Premier League player on Manchester United's radar is Aston Villa goalkeeper Emi Martinez. Chelsea and Tottenham are also admirers of the Argentine World Cup winner. (Daily Mirror) However, a star that may be out of reach for the Red Devils is Inter's Nicolo Barella as Liverpool are believed to be at the front of the queue should he be allowed to leave San Siro. (Football Insider) Real Madrid and Barcelona are interested in RB Leipzig's Dani Olmo, but Bayern Munich are currently leading the race for his signature. (Goal) Arsenal are keeping a watchful eye over Olmo's Leipzig teammate Mohamed Simakan as they look to bring in defensive reinforcements during the summer. (Guardian) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Pep Guardiola wants to bring 19-year-old defender Giorgio Scalvini to Manchester City, with Atalanta willing to do business for    40m. (Corriere di Bergamo) Barcelona are ready to make a    30m bid to sign 18-year-old winger Angelo Gabriel from Santos, with Newcastle also interested in the youngster. (Fichajes) Leaving Barcelona will be Clement Lenglet, with Tottenham informing La Blaugrana they would like to sign him on a permanent deal once his loan ends. (Mundo Deportivo) Tottenham are also ready to activate Dejan Kulusevski's purchase clause. Spurs would have triggered an obligation to buy the Swede from Juventus had they qualified for the Champions League and though this is unlikely, they are planning on keeping the winger. (PA) If Jose Mourinho takes the PSG job, he intends to sign Sofyan Amrabat from Fiorentina. His former club Manchester United are also in for the midfielder. (Foot Mercato) Brentford head coach Thomas Frank has warned interested clubs that David Raya will cost at least  £40m this summer, while Ivan Toney's price tag is closer to  £100m. (The Athletic) LISTEN NOW