After years of relative stability under Mauricio Pochettino (and a 2020 of chaos under Jose Mourinho), Spurs had a really weird 2021. Mourinho was sacked, but Tottenham dawdled on his replacement. They thought they had Antonio Conte, and then they didn't. They thought Pochettino was coming back, and then he wasn't. Paulo Fonseca and Gennaro Gattuso were moving to north London, and then they weren't. The job fell to Nuno Espirito Santo, with managing director of football Fabio Paratici taking up his new rule overseeing first team operations. But that new marriage proved to be a sour one, with Nuno receiving his marching orders and Conte finally agreeing to take on the job in November. So after a series of poor decisions, just one good one has the outlook at Spurs looking rosey again - there's a genuinely world class head coach at the helm, but now the club must supply him with the tools to succeed. Big moves are needed starting in the January transfer window in order to maximise Conte's presence - here are five moves Tottenham need to make this month.  This is a meatier task than meets the eye.Spurs have plenty of midfield options, but they all have glaring flaws and they could do with an upgrade in that area (more on that later).Oliver Skipp has quickly become a favourite of both the fans and Conte, with the Italian tactician singing his praises and believing he can become a top player.But Conte is still searching for Skipp's perfect partner. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg is usually preferred, but the two do a lot of the same things and aren't exactly complimentary. Harry Winks has worked his way back into the fold, but there's a ceiling on how good he can be.Dele Alli and Tanguy Ndombele showcased against Liverpool last month why they're so highly thought of upstairs at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, but consistency and fitting into Conte's system remains a pressing issue - the latter was overlooked when Spurs were searching for a winner against 10-man Southampton. Whatever decision Spurs make with their current crop of midfielders will likely be made with the free signing of Milan's Franck Kessie in mind.Reports have been rife in Tottenham's interest in the Ivorian since Paratici touched down in north London and have accelerated since Conte's arrival, with both seemingly big fans of Kessie.There's no smoke without fire and if Kessie is so highly thought of at Spurs, then they need to get him to sign on the dotted line and maybe even bring forward a move to this month. After his deadline day arrival from Barcelona, Emerson Royal has almost been unchallenged as Spurs' first choice right-back.Sure, he's only 22 and this is his first year in England, but the Brazil international has looked much weaker in Conte's system than his left-back counterparts Sergio Reguilon and Ryan Sessegnon.The mere arrival of competition could kickstart Emerson's Spurs career, because Matt Doherty simply isn't providing that and needs to leave to save his own skin.If Spurs are willing to return to do more business with Bar  a (be wary), then Sergino Dest could be available and worth a flyer.