Leicester's start to the season has been extremely encouraging. Despite their additional Europa League commitments and several high profile injuries, the Foxes have managed to keep pace with the pack of teams dreaming of Champions League qualification.  Their impressive form on the pitch has been paralleled with progress off it, too. The Foxes moved into their new  £100m training ground on Christmas Eve which features 14 full-size pitches and a swathe of other state of the art facilities - including a nine-hole golf course. As they are still footing the bill for their new home, it's unlikely that there'll be any expensive arrivals during the January window. However, that does not mean that Leicester should rest on their laurels. Here are five moves the club should look to make next month. Due to a spate of defensive injuries, 34-year-old Christian Fuchs and 36-year-old Wes Morgan have ended up playing far more games than Brendan Rodgers would have wanted this season. Both players' contracts expire in the summer and neither seems likely to pen fresh terms before then. In January, Leicester could get ahead of the curve and target a new, younger centre-back to come in as a fourth choice behind Wesley Fofana, Caglar Soyuncu and Jonny Evans. Who that might be is a bit of mystery. They have long been linked with Burnley's James Tarkowski and although the England international is thought to be keen on the move, Burnley would likely demand a mammoth transfer fee - particularly partway through the season. Phil Jones is a far cheaper option with Manchester United willing to let him leave on loan in January. The whopping five-year deal Islam Slimani signed all the way back in August 2016 finally runs out in the summer.During his time at the King Power Stadium, Slimani has featured just 47 times in all competitions, making more appearances out on loan than for Leicester.This season, even with his side's extra Europa League games, he has been given one 19 minute cameo. It's clear Rodgers has no intention of keeping him around past the end of the season, so the Foxes should try and get him off their books in January. It shouldn't be too hard. Whiles things have not worked out for him at Leicester, the Algerian's goal record is pretty good. Look up 'unfulfilled potential' in the dictionary and you will find a photo of Demarai Gray.Over the past four and a half seasons - yes, it really has been that long - Gray has shown flashes of promise but has struggled to consistently produce a solid statistical output.In over 150 appearances for the Foxes, he has registered just 30 direct goal involvements. That's less than one every five games.Last season, he seemed to be settling into a role as an impact substitute, averaging 4.2 shot creating actions per 90 minutes, but this term he has barely featured. He is another player who has no future and if Tottenham's interest is genuine, Leicester should snap their hands off.