Real Madrid legend Sergio Ramos has urged Harry Kane to choose Los Blancos over Manchester United should he depart Tottenham in the coming months. Kane is about to enter the final year of the long-term Spurs contract he signed back in 2018. There is yet to be an agreement over a new deal, but 90min revealed in April that both Kane and the club have been willing to wait until a new head coach is appointed. After failing to convince Julian Nagelsmann and Arne Slot, that now looks set to be Ange Postecoglou after he agreed to take it. Manchester United are seeking a new first choice    number nine   , with Kane among a list of options the club is considering alongside Dusan Vlahovic, Victor Osimhen and Benjamin Sesko. Bayern Munich have backed away from their longstanding Kane interest in favour or pursuing Randal Kolo Muani, despite his    100m price tag, while Paris Saint-Germain are ready to enter the race, and Spurs are also expecting interest to surface from London rivals Chelsea. As 90min reported in February, Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is determined not to let Kane join another Premier League club. feed Real Madrid have come on the scene following Karim Benzema   s decision to leave the Bernabeu after 14 years for a new challenge in Saudi Arabia with Al-Ittihad. Los Blancos are now ready to step up their interest, with Kane the preferred replacement in the eyes of Carlo Ancelotti. Other options in Madrid include the aforementioned Osimhen, as well as Kai Havertz and Joselu. Ramos, who spent 16 years at Real and infamously resisted the chance to join Manchester United in 2015, has warned Kane against rebuffing the chance to join Real. "My advice to any player is don't turn down the opportunity to play for  Real Madrid     it is a special club who know how to win," the centre-back explained. "[Kane] has an incredible physical presence, you can't score as many goals as he does in the  Premier League  and not be able to play the physical side of the game. But he can also play the technical side of the game as well and I don't think he gets enough credit for that. "Yes, he is a great goal scorer but he is also a great football player as well."