Colorado Rapids midfielder Cole Bassett has completed his loan move to Dutch giants Feyenoord, the clubs announced on Thursday. The 20-year-old midfielder has attracted strong European interest for some time after spending extended periods training with the likes of Arsenal, Freiburg, and Hoffenheim in the past. Last summer, Bassett was primed to join Benfica in Portugal but declined a move, instead choosing to remain with the Rapids as they topped the Western Conference and pushed for  MLS Cup  glory. Colorado would eventually fail in their bid for silverware, but Bassett increased his stock across the 2021 season with five goals and three assists in 32 regular-season appearances, while he was unlucky in hitting the woodwork seven times - more than any other MLS player. His strong form at club level has been rewarded by Gregg Berhalter, who handed Bassett his USMNT debut in a friendly against Bosnia and Herzegovina last month. Bassett returned the favor with the only goal in a 1-0 win for the United States. Earlier in January, 90min revealed Eredivisie giants Feyenoord - currently third in the table behind rivals Ajax and PSV - were closing in on a loan deal for Bassett with an option to sign him on a permanent basis. On Thursday, the midfielder completed that move, signing for an initial 18-month period. "Cole is a typical box-to-box player with enormous running ability," Feyenoord sporting director Frank Arnesen said in a press release.  "He can be an important link in the team both offensively and defensively.  In addition, he is quite comfortable on the ball with both feet.  He has what it takes to make the next steps in his development here at Feyenoord and become an even more complete player." All the way from The States to Rotterdam. Welcome to the club, @colebassett19! #CoolKidCole pic.twitter.com/gyaAnyyg5J Still only 20 years old, Bassett had been with the Rapids in some form since 2017, totaling 75 senior appearances for the club.    We   re incredibly proud of Cole for having earned this opportunity to pursue his dream of playing in Europe,    Rapids executive vice president and general manager Padraig Smith said.    It   s a testament to his talent, his performances here with the Rapids and his dedication to continually improve as a player.