Sweden's outings to date at Euro 2020 have hardly been box office stuff, though one man who's making their games must-watch events is Alexander Isak. The Real Sociedad forward is proving to be one of the stars of the tournament - just like we predicted as part of the Our 21 series - and it'll come as no surprise to hear that speculation surrounding his future is beginning to grow. While a host of big clubs have been linked with a move for the 21-year-old, securing his signature is a lot more complex than you might think, so 90min have done you a favour and broken down the youngster's current situation... Isak was hardly an unknown quantity heading into Euro 2020 - with his second season at Real Sociedad seeing him notch an impressive 17 goals in 34 La Liga outings - though more and more clubs have started to monitor his performances in recent weeks. Liverpool have been heavily linked with a move for the frontman as Jurgen Klopp hunts for Roberto Firmino's successor, while fellow Premier League clubs Arsenal, Manchester United and Chelsea have all be touted as potential suitors. Given his stellar performances in Spain it'll probably come as no surprise to hear some of La Liga's biggest sides are also sniffing around Isak, with Barcelona constantly being linked with a move for the forward over the past few months. Remember the part where we said his situation was a little more complicated than you might think? Yeah, well this is that part. When Dortmund sold Isak to Sociedad in 2019, the German side included a buy-back clause in his contract that meant they could re-sign him    30m ( £25.7m). Given the fact the future of Erling Haaland is up in the air and Isak has developed rapidly since his departure, you'd think they'd be calling Sociedad very shortly - but that's not the case. Sport1 report that Sociedad are in talks to buy out the buy-back clause, with Der BVB's sporting director Michael Zorc confirming 'both clubs are working on a common solution. We are in good spirits that it will work'. Seems like a bit of a stupid question given they're in talks to remove his buy-back clause, but Real Sociedad absolutely don't want to be parted with the talented striker. Mundo Deportivo report that Sociedad could be able to remove Dortmund's buy-back clause for as little as    3m-   4m ( £2.6m- £3.4m) and there's unlikely to be any hiccups along the way with the German side adamant they don't want to re-sign the Sweden international. However, Isak's current deal also contains a release clause of    70m ( £60m) and the Spanish side are desperate for him to agree terms on a new contract to avoid losing him. A whole host of reports claim that Isak is happy at Real Sociedad and has no intention of leaving the club.