Welcome to the  90min  Saturday live transfer blog - the place that will keep you up to date with all the breaking news throughout the day. We are entering the final stretch of the winter window and clubs are getting increasingly desperate with the deadline looming. However, as is always the case, getting deals over the line in January is proving difficult for most sides.  Leading the headlines this morning is the revelation that Man Utd might be out of the race for Erling Haaland, while Arsenal's pursuit of Dusan Vlahovic is also not looking promising.  Recap all of the biggest stories below... We'll call it there for Saturday's gossip and rumours collation. It's been real. But do not fear. We'll back back at it first thing on Sunday morning to ensure you stay up to date with everything doing the rounds. Until then, take it easy! Pep Guardiola gave little away when asked about Manchester City's pursuit of wonderkid Julian Alvarez. 90min recently revealed that City have won the race for the 21-year-old Argentine, though Guardiola said he "had no info" about the deal after his side's 1-1 draw with Southampton on Saturday night. L'Equipe say Juventus and Sevilla alongside Mallorca are interested in signing Marseille striker Arkadiusz Milik on loan. However, the Ligue 1 side would prefer a permanent sale of the Poland international, who has only managed one league goal this season. Manchester City have been linked with a move for Barcelona mainstay Sergio Busquets by Fichajes. But really. Can you see the Spaniard ending his career anywhere else beside Camp Nou? Nah. As you were. Armando Broja is open to extending his stay at Southampton beyond this season, according to Goal. The young Albania international has impressed at St Mary's, though parent club Chelsea will obviously have a large role in deciding his future. Watford and Newcastle are considering loan moves for Leicester midfielder Hamza Choudhury, who has featured in central defence for the Foxes recently. That's according to The Daily Mail, but Brendan Rodgers' injury issues in his squad could mean any such deal fails to materialise. We've tried to make a joke with that sub-title. It's because Tottenham are said to be interested in a young goalkeeper called Toby Savin. Y'know, he be Savin shots? Yeah. Terrible. Anyway, The Sun say scouts have watched the 20-year-old Accrington star and add Spurs "are in the market for a top prospect". Chelsea have signed Derby teenager Dylan Williams, he has confirmed on Instagram. He wrote: "Wow. I am absolutely delighted to have signed for one of the biggest clubs in the world. Thankyou so much for everything the staff and players have done @dcfcofficial. I cannot wait to get started @chelseafc." Rams manager Wayne Rooney had previously admitted he    couldn't stand in the way of his opportunity    after a bid had been accepted. Williams made eight appearances for Derby this season. Declan Rice was excellent for West Ham in their 1-0 loss to Manchester United on Saturday and spoke about playing at Old Trafford after the game. He said: "I was loving it. Every time I come to Old Trafford, I've always said it's one of my favourite places to play. It's an amazing stadium." That'll definitely fuel some transfer chatter. Crystal Palace manager Patrick Vieira has confirmed Christian Benteke will not be leaving the club this window. He said: "Yes. He will be at this football club. Christian loves this football club and he is part of what we are trying to do." Dusan Vlahovic has not been included in Fiorentina's squad for their clash with Cagliari on Sunday. No reason has been given for his absence, though a couple of players have tested positive for Covid-19 so that might explain it. Discussions have begun between Aston Villa and Juventus over midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur, The Mail's Tom Collomosse reports. Steven Gerrard is on the lookout for a new holding midfielder and Bentancur could fit the bill. Paris Saint-Germain are interested in Lille star Jonathan David, according to Calciomercato. The Canadian has an excellent record at club and international level and has interested a number of Europe's top side in recent years. Diego Carlos' representatives have arrived in Seville in a bid to convince Monchi to sell him to #NUFC.Newcastle want him in time for their trip to Saudi Arabia but the deal could go down to the wire. ?@GraemeBailey @90min_Football https://t.co/W11a5K2NNX Diego Carlos' representatives have arrived in Seville in the hope of convincing Monchi to sell the defender to Newcastle, 90min understands. The Magpies have seen a number of bids knocked back and they want Carlos signed in time for their training break in Saudi Arabia, but the deal could go down to the wire. You can read the full story here. AC Milan are interested in taking Spurs defender Japhet Tanganga on loan, according to BBC Sport. The youngster has been afforded more opportunities in recent weeks due to the absences of Eric Dier and Cristian Romero, but once that duo return from injury Tanganga would likely be demoted to the bench. However, he could be kept at the club as cover. It's all going on at Real Madrid today. According to AS, Los blancos are preparing to offer Marco Asensio a new deal worth    4m a year. The problem is PSG are ready to trump Real with a contract offer of    6m a year. Luckily for the Spanish side, Asensio's current deal doesn't run out until 2023 and they have time to resolve this wrinkle. While Eden Hazard has been heavily linked with a sensational (well, semi-sensational) return to the Premier League, Carlo Ancelotti has played down reports that he could leave Real Madrid. In fact, he's confirmed that the Belgian is in his plans for the 2022/23 season. Can Hazard turn his Real career around? Well, you just knew that was going to happen. 90min understands that Claudio Ranieri will be sacked as Watford manager following a terrible run of results. The Hornets were thrashed by relegation rivals Norwich on Friday night. You can read the full story here. This morning we brought you news that Real Madrid have been scouting a number of young players across the globe. Defensa Central now report that Los Blancos are actually prioritising a move for Ajax midfielder Ryan Gravenberch over the free signings of either Paul Pogba or Franck Kessie. 90min revealed this week that Juventus are eyeing Frenkie de Jong as a possible replacment for the outgoing Arthur. However, Xavi has insisted that the Dutchman remains a key part of his plans. "He's an important player, he's just coming back from an injury. Circumstances has it that he was on the bench [for the last game].  "For example, Jordi [Alba] is in a similar situation after playing a lot of minutes. But I never doubt these players' commitment to the team. "We played extra time the other day, we need to take care of minutes and adjust accordingly. Some players are available and 100% to play. Frenkie right now is a very important player for us, for sure." Uruguay midfielder Nahitan Nandez has given up hope of a move from Cagliari to Inter, but he is open to a move to the Premier League. Tuttosport write that Nandez is 'trying to understand' whether a move to Newcastle is possible, wary that he could make a lot of money with a transfer to Tyneside. Yep, that's Chelsea's Marcos Alonso we're talking about. According to Marca, Simeone has long been an admirer of the left-back, who himself harbours ambitions to play in La Liga again. But it's unlikely that a deal will happen this month due to Chelsea's full-back crisis. One for the summer, perhaps... 12:00pm - JUVENTUS PREPARE JANUARY BID FOR VLAHOVIC It's that man again, Dusan Vlahovic.  This time our friends at Tuttosport claim that Juventus are ready to try and jump the queue for the striker and table a    60m bid this month.  Financing the deal could be tricky, but the reports notes that a two-year loan followed by a permanent deal, or using Dejan Kulusevski as makeweight, are both options.  11:45am - NO ANFIELD MOVE FOR ZAKARIA Denis Zakaria has plenty of Premier League suitors including Arsenal and Manchester United.  He's also been mentioned as a potential target for Liverpool but Reds' fans should not be expecting a midfield revamp this month. As per the Liverpool Echo, club insiders have indicated that supporters should not hold out hope for new arrivals in January.  11:20am - RUDIGER ON HIS FUTURE We told you an update was coming, and here it is. Antonio Rudiger has explained what factors he is considering as he decides his future.  Read what he had to say here.  11:00am - RUDIGER TO OLD TRAFFORD  Antonio Rudiger's contract expires at the end of the season and there has been plenty of speculation about where he could end up in the summer. Real Madrid, Bayern Munich and PSG have all been mentioned in the past but The Sun now sensationally claim that Man Utd have entered the fray. They are one of the few clubs that could afford the deal, and Chelsea will be powerless to stop the Red Devils if Rudiger is happy to sign... Keep your eyes peeled for another update on the German's future before midday. 10:30am -  FIORENTINA BOSS CANNOT WAIT FOR FEBRUARY  Vincenzo Italiano has Fiorentina flying this season, which is even more impressive when you consider the uncertainty surrounding Dusan Vlahovic's future that he has had to deal with.  Unsurprisingly, he cannot wait for the window to slam shut... "I see the same Dusan here, every single day. We   ve lot of rumours about his future as always but nothing has changed. I can   t wait for the market to close." 10:10am - SPURS EYE UP WONDERKID  Football Manager players will be well aware of Charles De Ketelaere's talents and it appears Tottenham are too.  According to Ekrem Konur, Spurs are considering a summer move for the young forward, who has managed 10 league goals for Club Brugge this season.  9:45am - REAL BIG FANS OF BELLINGHAM The front page of Marca this morning was a splash of all the young talents Real Madrid are keeping tabs on from across the world.  Florian Wirtz, Endrick and Aurelien Tchouameni were all featured but Los Blancos seem to reserve a special place in their hearts for Jude Bellingham - who they believe will become the 'complete midfielder'. Read the full story here.  9:30am - CHELSEA CLOSE IN ON DERBY YOUNGSTER  Chelsea are close to completing their first transfer of the month with the Blues set to recruit Derby youngster Dylan Williams.  The report comes courtesy of The Sun, and Wayne Rooney has already confessed that the defender - who has appeared eight times for the senior side this season - would be moving on. "We've agreed a fee with a Premier League club for Dylan Williams - I couldn't stand in the way of his opportunity." 9:15am - DELE WANTS TO MOVE NORTH  Newcastle have been linked with a move for Spurs outcast Dele Alli this month and according to Football Insider, the player would be keen on the switch.  To say Dele's career has stagnated over the past few years would be a colossal understatement and a change of scenery, and drop in temperature, could be exactly what he needs.   9:00am - LYON SAY NO TO CHELSEA... THREE TIMES Chelsea have been trying to recall Emerson Palmieri from Lyon all month but the Ligue 1 side are holding firm.  According to Fabrizio Romano, the Blues have had no less than three offers of compensation turned down for the left wing-back, and with moves for Layvin Kurzawa and Ivan Perisic looking difficult, Thomas Tuchel may have to cope with just Marcos Alonso for the rest of the season . 08:45am - JOAO FELIX ON THE MOVE? Joao Felix is still young but even his biggest supporters would have to admit that his time at Atletico Madrid has been pretty underwhelming.  Far from a guaranteed starter for Diego Simeone the forward might be ready for a fresh start with Ruben Uria claiming that Barcelona are interested. How a club with such deep-set financial issues could afford a move of this magnitude is anyone's guess.  08:30am VLAHOVIC RESISTING ARSENAL BUT WANTS CITY Everything reported so far this month has pointed towards Dusan Vlahovic not really fancying a move to Arsenal, and Fiorentina director Joe Barone yesterday hinted that the switch was unlikely.  However, that is not to say Vlahovic does not fancy a Premier League move. As per La Repubblica, the striker would be interested in joining English champions Man City if they came in for him in the summer.   08:20am GOOD MORNING!