Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho remains Manchester United's number one priority in the summer transfer window, while they're also prepared to wait for Erling Haaland to become available instead of signing want-away star Harry Kane.  The Red Devils have already dampened rumours regarding a revolution in their strike force by extending Edinson Cavani's contract until the end of the 2021/22 campaign. This smart move allows coach Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to focus his attention on other areas of the squad.  And Dortmund superstar Sancho sits highest on the transfer list this summer, with Man Utd ready to prioritise his signing over both Tottenham Hotspur man Kane and Norwegian wonderkid Haaland, according to the Daily Mail.  Sancho has been a long-term target for the Premier League giants, having missed out on his signature last summer, following months of negotiations with the Bundesliga outfit.  The winger himself is also ready to go in search of pastures new, having reached a gentleman's agreement with the club to leave at the right price in the upcoming transfer window.  Dortmund were holding out for north of  £100m for Sancho last year, but they would be willing to accept a much smaller fee for the former Manchester City academy starlet in the summer. 90min exclusively revealed earlier in May that Man Utd are hoping to strike a deal worth around  £75m for the winger, and are keen for it to be completed ahead of Euro 2020.  The England international has ended the season in sensational form, scoring 10 goals in 15 matches, and helping der BVB to lift the German Cup and qualify for next year's Champions League. Solskjaer sees Sancho as a vital addition to Man Utd's forward line, and has asked for the club to secure his services ahead of any other arrival.  That means that the Red Devils may not be in the financial position to splash the cash in the summer, and might have to settle for only one key signing. This could rule them out of the race to sign Spurs star Kane, who has expressed his desire to leave White Hart Lane for a new challenge. 