Inter are closing on the permanent signing of Alexis Sanchez, amid reports that an agreement has been reached with Manchester United over a    15m transfer. Sanchez joined I Nerazzurri on loan last summer, but was sidelined for much of 2019 after dislocating his ankle. Since returning to action, the Chilean has burst back into life - showing glimpses of his old form - and has directly contributed to ten goals in Inter's final 13 Serie A games of the season, the majority of those coming post-lockdown. #mufc and Inter Milan have come to an agreement over Alexis S  nchez for    15m. An announcement should come after Wednesday's Europa League match between Inter and Getafe #mulive [cds] He looks to have won the favour of Inter's hierarchy as a result, and Football Italia have relayed newspaper reports which claim a permanent deal for the 31-year-old is on the verge of completion. The news would appear to be accurate when you take into account Inter's Europa League squad submission for the remainder of the 2019/20 competition. Sanchez has been included, indicating that he will be staying on in the fashion capital of the world, rather than returning to the red half of Manchester. Recouping    15m ( £13.5m) from Sanchez might once have seemed like a pipe dream for United - as the player had become a virtual drain on resources at Old Trafford - but it appears that his resurgence may have persuaded the Italian giants to dig into their pockets. His enormous salary, thought to be close to  £300,000 per week, was a stumbling point in negotiations, but Sanchez is said to have agreed on a three-year deal that will spread his    15m annual takings over the course of the contract. That essentially means the Chilean will take a wage cut of around two thirds to make the deal happen, suggesting he is keen to cut all ties with United and start afresh in Milan. United will be similarly happy to see the back of a player who has never really performed after his arrival from Arsenal, as part of an ill-fated swap deal that saw Henrikh Mkhitaryan join the Gunners. Freeing up his wages may stand the club in better financial stead to secure a deal for Jadon Sancho, as they remain in negotiations with Borussia Dortmund over the England star.   Gym