90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Mohamed Salah will reject advances from Saudi Arabia as he wants to spend at least one more year in Europe. Liverpool have no desire to part ways with the Egyptian international. (Ismael Mahmoud) Al Ittihad will offer Liverpool  £51.8m for Salah and are prepared to pay him a contract worth  £155m over two years. (Al Riyadiah) Neymar has offered himself back to Barcelona but, despite president Joan Laporta being keen on a bid, manager Xavi is currently blocking any move for the Paris Saint-Germain winger. (Gerard Romero) Another PSG forward, Kylian Mbappe, would be prepared to spend one year on loan in the Premier League before sealing his dream move to Real Madrid next summer. (Mirror) Manchester United would be prepared to sell Anthony Martial for the right price but are not actively looking to sell the Frenchman, who could remain in Erik ten Hag's squad next season. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona have submitted a double loan bid for Manchester City duo Joao Cancelo and Bernardo Silva, with an offer to buy the latter permanently next summer. (SPORT) Jorginho is unsettled at Arsenal and is attracting interest from Turkish side Fenerbahce. (TRT) manual PSG are preparing a bid for Barcelona winger Ansu Fati, with new manager Luis Enrique a huge fan of the 20-year-old from his time in charge of the Spanish national team. (AS) Mauricio Pochettino is not keen on seeing Chelsea sign Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic in a deal to sell Romelu Lukaku. (Guardian) Chelsea are preparing an improved bid for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo after he was left out of the squad for the Seagulls' friendly against Rayo Vallecano on Monday. (Telegraph) Further talks are planned between Tottenham and Barcelona this week over centre-back Clement Lenglet. (Mundo Deportivo) Spurs have, however, missed out on the chance to sign Fulham centre-back Tosin Adarabioyo, who has snubbed Ange Postecoglou's side in favour of a move to Monaco. (Sun)