Manchester United have told Cristiano Ronaldo that he will be allowed to leave the club in the January transfer window. The forward sought a move away from Old Trafford over the summer but could not find a suitor, and he has been used sparingly so far this season. (Daily Telegraph) Meanwhile, Erik ten Hag has told the United board not to hand out any new contracts to players until he figures out which ones are deserving of them. (Daily Telegraph) Arsenal are ready to hand Bukayo Saka a bumper  £200,000-a-week contract in order to fend off interest from rival clubs. Manchester City and Liverpool have been linked with a move in recent months. (Football.london) The Gunners also want to tie Gabriel Martinelli down to a new deal, with Chelsea said to be 'monitoring' his situation. (Daily Mail) One forward who could be heading out of Chelsea is Hakim Ziyech, who is still wanted by AC Milan in the January transfer window. The Blues host the Rossoneri in the Champions League on Wednesday. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Barcelona boss Xavi has played down talk of a reunion with PSG's Lionel Messi and has urged the media to 'let him live in peace'. (Official) Liverpool have set aside 'huge money' to spend on a January signing that could potentially reignite their flailing season. (Football Insider) Scott Saunders  and  Graeme Bailey  bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Christopher Nkunku's future, James Maddison, Youri Tielemans, Newcastle's latest addition & David De Gea. The guys also talk Liverpool, the 'new Salah', Dusan Vlahovic & more. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! While it was widely reported that Manchester United made a move for Adrien Rabiot in the summer, they were also knocked back by his Juventus teammate Manuel Locatelli. (Calciomercato) Tottenham are targeting an ambitious swoop for Barcelona's Marc-Andre ter Stegen as a long-term replacement to Hugo Lloris. (Jeunes Footeux)