Borussia Dortmund will only consider selling Jude Bellingham for a club-record transfer fee this summer and believe they are in a strong position to extend his stay beyond this season, 90min understands. The precocious 19-year-old midfielder is one of the most sought after players in world football, but is yet to make a decision over his long-term future. Bellingham has been meeting representatives of clubs to determine their interest, with the permission of Dortmund, and Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid all believe they have put compelling cases forward for the teenager to join them. Manchester United, Chelsea and Paris Saint Germain also maintain an interest in signing Bellingham, but their talks have not been as advanced. Dortmund have never given up hope of keeping Bellingham and there's optimism that he will stay at the club for another year. His current contract runs until 2025, but they want to reward him with a new deal that would not only include a set price release clause but also make him the highest-paid player in their history. READ NEXT manual If Bellingham makes it clear to Dortmund that he wants to leave, they will listen to offers. But well placed sources have stressed to 90min that he will only be allowed to leave this summer for a club-record price, which means receiving in excess of the    144m pocketed for Ousmane Dembele in 2017. "Borussia Dortmund are no pushovers and they believe they have a strong case to keep Bellingham until next summer," the source explained. "Having dealt with the sales of the likes of Dembele, Sancho and Halaand in recent years, they know Bellingham's worth and he has two years left on his deal. They really don't have to sell unless they want to. "If he is to leave in 2023, it will be on their terms." Bellingham is currently away on international duty with England ahead of the Euro 2024 qualifiers against Italy and Ukraine, and Dortmund expect talks with his representatives and family - to clarify his future once and for all - to take place by the end of this month. LISTEN NOW