Karim Benzema has argued that he always wanted to end his career at Real Madrid as he prepares to say goodbye to the Spanish side.  Benzema will leave Real Madrid this summer after 14 years at the club, rejecting the chance to sign a new contract and leaving manager Carlo Ancelotti surprised to hear of his decision to leave just a few days ago. 90min understands that Benzema has agreed a three-year contract to move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Ittihad - an 'opportunity' he told fans he was not expecting. "It   s difficult to speak with so many emotions, but I want to say thank you to Real Madrid," he told the audience at his farewell presentation on Tuesday. "This has been such an important part of my life.  "I was lucky enough to fulfil my childhood dream thanks to the president who wanted me. I remember feeling so proud that the president who signed [Zinedine] Zidane and Ronaldo wanted me in his team. I got to join the best club in history.  feed "It   s a sad day today, because I   m going to leave this club and that hurts because I wanted to finish my career in Madrid. But, life sometimes presents other opportunities and I   ve talked about it with all my family.  "Real Madrid will always be like my family and I will always watch Real Madrid matches. Thank you also to the fans, who pushed me to play at my best and to have the strength and mentality I have today. So, thank you to everyone." Benzema's statement came after an emotional opener from club president Florentino Perez, who paid tribute to the striker after 14 years of trophies and success. "Dear Karim, 14 years ago you arrived at Real Madrid and you have become one of the best players of all time," he began. "To all those who have felt and feel that sadness because you are leaving Real Madrid, I want to say that this is the moment to also remember the enormous fortune we have had enjoying your football over all these years.  "We have seen you do incredible things with our badge in all parts of the world. And no madridista will ever forget that. "You arrived very young and you have become a symbol and one of our great legends. With your way of understanding football, your goals...you have managed to move us. You have been and are a different footballer."