With just over three weeks remaining in this summer's transfer window, time is running out for clubs to finalise their business and get deals over the line. While several big names have already have made their switches, there are still quite a few that are yet to be sold. The pandemic era has made it all the more necessary to shift undeserving big earners off the wage bill and clear out the deadwood, but summer 2021 is not a seller's market and while there are many superstar names in the shop window, it's hard to see where some will/can go... Here's the big-name stars still on the transfer market in summer 2021. Linked with: Atletico Madrid, Juventus, Man United, Man CityChance of a move: 5/10Let's start at Camp Nou, where Joan Laporta is desperate to offload some of the big earners at the club to balance the books.While Lionel Messi's shocking departure will help the financial cause - even if it means ripping a piece of La Blaugrana's heart out - the necessity of shifting some of those exorbitant wages (reportedly around 90% of the club's income) remains. Oh, hello Antoine Griezmann.Linked with Atletico Madrid, Juventus, and a whole host of Premier League clubs, Griezy has re-entered his own transfer saga but is yet to find a destination. A reunion with Simeone looks most likely but talk has cooled a little in recent weeks. Linked with: Everton, Tottenham, MilanChance of a move: 3/10Phillipe Coutinho has a somewhat unique - if not positive - legacy at Barcelona.After paying an eye-watering fee to Liverpool for the Brazilian's services, La Blaugrana saw his best when he turned up against them while on loan at Bayern Munich during the 2019/20 season. Coutinho's late brace famously rounded off an 8-2 win in the Champions League quarter-final - a competition he'd later win with the Bavarian giants.Now, he's part of the 'unwanted' contingent in the Barca squad. Ronald Koeman may end up stuck with the Brazilian for 2021/22 due to a lack of options, unless a Premier League loan deal can be struck. Linked with: PSG, JuventusChance of a move: 1/10Ousmane Dembele was supposed to become a global superstar when arrived at Camp Nou from Borussia Dortmund in a big-money move in 2017.Instead, injuries - and Fortnite - have stifled that progress in the past few years and, should contract talks fail between the Frenchman and Barcelona, Laporta will be keen to get a fee for him before his deal expires next summer.Remarkably, there are few in the market for an injury-prone winger with discipline issues and huge wages during a pandemic...The most probable outcome is a contract renewal even if no-one is really convinced. Linked with: Lyon, Monaco, NiceChance of a move: 5/10One of the best defenders in the world around the time of the last World Cup, injuries have ravaged Samuel Umtiti.The centre back posted a cryptic message on social media after being booed in a recent pre-season friendly. However, reports suggest he is desperate to stay at Barcelona.  Linked with: Chelsea, Man City, Man Utd, Real Madrid, Dortmund, MarseilleChance of a move: 7/10Perhaps surprising (and definitely upsetting) for Barcelona are the failed talks with highly rated prospect Ilaix Moriba.Despite breaking through into the first team and really impressing with the minutes he was given by Ronald Koeman last term, the 18-year-old is reportedly 'ignoring' any new offers from the club, leading Barcelona to accept defeat in their pursuit to renew his deal. Ouch.As a result, La Blaugrana will likely rush to sell him so as to not lose him for nothing next summer.Everyone who's anyone is being linked. Linked with: Arsenal, Everton, MilanChance of a move: 5/10Leaving Bar  a to head to the Spanish capital, Real Madrid also find themselves in a precarious financial situation and will try to offload some of the players that haven't exactly shone for Los Blancos in recent times.One of which is the undeniably gifted Isco who, after not being offered a new contract, has been linked with a Premier League move as well as most recently AC Milan.And, with the Spaniard available for around  £15m, why not? Linked with: ArsenalChance of a move: 6/10With reports in recent months surfacing that Martin Odegaard wants to leave Real Madrid, a price tag of    50m has been set for the Norwegian with Los Blancos prepared to sell. Such a hefty fee may dissuade Arsenal from pushing for his return to the Emirates, although it could open up a new chapter in Odegaard's career. Linked with: Real BetisChance of a move: 5/10Ceballos, who has spent the last two seasons on loan at Arsenal, hasn't played for Real Madrid since 2018/19. However he is keen to remain at the club rather than be shipped out.It's unlikely he'll see much action under Carlo Ancelotti, but an injury he sustained during the Olympics may have put off any prospective suitors. Linked with: N/AChance of a move: 1/10Real Madrid would surely snap the hands off any club willing to take Bale off their hands a year ahead of his contract expiry, but all signs point to the Welshman returning to the Spanish capital to sit out the final months of this loveless marriage.There has been some MLS chat, but it seems unlikely at this stage.Whether Bale will feature at all for Madrid in 2021/22 remains to be seen, however. Linked with: Frankfurt, Inter, RomaChance of a move: 7/10Luka Jovic's big-money move to Real Madrid pre-pandemic really has not worked out... at all.The Serbian has scored just twice in 32 outings and was caught in scandal after breaking lockdown restrictions in his homeland last year.A loan return to Frankfurt has hardly boosted his chances of a Real Madrid career revival. Linked with: Barcelona, Liverpool, Manchester UnitedChance of a move: 4/10Despite being told he's free to leave Atletico Madrid following a 13-year affiliation with the club, the warrior-like midfielder has found it difficult to land a new club.Possibly too expensive for Liverpool and cash-strapped Barcelona, Manchester United remain the only serious candidate in the race for the midfielder who grew up idolising Steven Gerrard. Linked with: ChelseaChance of a move: 6/10Sevilla are among the best in the game at finding talent, helping them develop and turning a massive profit on their starlets a few years down the line.Jules Kounde could be one of their most successful projects yet, if they can get Chelsea to pay over    60m for the highly rated French centre back. Linked with: Arsenal, West Ham, WolvesChance of a move: 5/10There have been many rumours circulating about the futures of an array of Juventus players this summer.And, while Pavel Nedved has assured that Cristiano Ronaldo and Paulo Dybala will be staying put, Aaron Ramsey, with his humungous salary, looks set to be offloaded... if a buyer can be found.Available for transfer, the Welshman has been linked with a move back to the Premier League with Wolves the latest club to show interest. Linked with: Atalanta, Sevilla, VillarrealChance of a move: 5/10It's also a summer of real change for Tottenham, with a number of big names outgoing and fresh faces incoming. While the main speculation will surround Harry Kane, there are players Spurs actually want to ship out. As well as the likes of Lucas Moura, Serge Aurier and Moussa Sissoko thought to be on that list, Davinson Sanchez seems set to say goodbye three seasons after his arrival.The Colombian has been deemed surplus to requirements by new boss Nuno Espirito Santo, who is reinventing his side's back line for the upcoming season. Linked with: Napoli, West HamChance of a move: 3/10Since his heroics in the 2018/19 season en route to the Champions League, Divock Origi's stock has nosedived.Rarely used by Jurgen Klopp, the 26-year-old is one of Liverpool's listed stars again this summer.Whether the Reds can find a buyer for the price they want (supposedly close to  £20m) is the issue. Linked with: Lazio, LyonChance of a move: 8/10Speaking of Premier League, Liverpool's Xherdan Shaqirir has still not yet completed a move away amid interest from across Europe.Undoubtedly a talented player, things simply haven't quite worked out for the Switzerland maestro competing against the Reds' fierce attacking trident for a starting role. But, with an asking price of just under  £13m, it shouldn't be too difficult to find a new home this summer... you'd think. Linked with: RomaChance of a move: 9/10It hasn't come as too much of a surprise that Chelsea are moving mad in this summer's transfer window. Originally targeting Erling Haaland as a new front man, the Blues have eventually landed upon Romeu Lukaku to lead the line after agreeing a    115m deal with Inter.That's a lot of money.As a result, Tammy Abraham has been made available for transfer for  £34m to raise funds for the club's lavish investments, with Roma prepared to meet that valuation.  Linked with: Sevilla, West HamChance of a move: 6/10Unsurprisingly there will be more than one departure from Stamford Bridge to gather the funds for a big summer.The Blues are determined to acquire the services of Jules Kounde from Sevilla, with personal terms already agreed. However, Kurt Zouma's departure will be key in making the deal happen. Having already rejected leaving for Sevilla and West Ham, Zouma is free to leave to anyone who meets his  £30m valuation.  Linked with: Leeds, Liverpool, TottenhamChance of a move: 3/10New Wolves boss Bruno Lage is keen to make some changes at Molineux, with winger Adama Traore being made available earlier in the window. The Spaniard has been linked with a variety of Premier League clubs, and has most recently been tipped to reunite with former boss Espirito Santo at Tottenham for a fee around  £30m. Linked with: Man UtdChance of a move: 4/10Another Wolves man reportedly allowed to depart Molineux is Ruben Neves.The 24-year-old has already played 176 times since joining the club in 2017 but has been named as one of the players that Wolves are keen to ship out.There has been long-standing interest from Manchester United, who look favourites to land the Portuguese should he leave. Linked with: Leicester, West HamChance of a move: 3/10In any other year, following that loan spell with West Ham, Lingard would've been sold for upwards of  £30m. Easy.However, this isn't any year.It seems no club is prepared to fork out for the 28-year-old, who will remain at United unless the right offer comes in.The Red Devils wait in hope though... Linked with: Arsenal, Barcelona, Juventus, TottenhamChance of a move: 8/10An undeniably brilliant player on his day, Silva is getting squeezed out at City due to the arrival of Jack Grealish and continued rise of Phil Foden.If City can compromise on their asking price, there will be no shortage of offers.There has been talk too that Silva could be used in the deal to bring Harry Kane to the Etihad Stadium. Linked with: Barcelona, Juventus, TottenhamChance of a move: 4/10The newly minted Spain international is among a handful of stars supposedly keen to leave the Man City juggernaut in favour of more game time.With four years still left to run on his deal, City won't want to sell for cheap, hurting the chances of the defender getting his move away.