There is clearly something not quite right at Borussia Dortmund. The last month has been riddled with inconsistency for BVB. They have lost three of their last five Bundesliga fixtures and Lucien Favre was sacked and replaced with interim manager Edin Terzic - who, incidentally, has fittingly overseen a win and a loss in the league since his appointment. Dortmund currently sit fifth in the table, eight points off leaders Bayern Munich, and are struggling to overcome teams they usually have no trouble defeating. Full time in Berlin. pic.twitter.com/pIWZ3Iblub Whether it be the absence of fans catching up with them, their main goalscorer being unavailable, or having no real sense of direction during games in the past month, something isn't right at BVB.  While the club hierarchy can't halt a global pandemic and get their famous fans back into Signal Iduna Park, they can rectify some issues they're facing. So, what do they need to do?  The absence of Norwegian goal machine Erling Haaland has shown he is indispensable for Dortmund. While he has been sidelined, the likes of Julian Brandt, Thorgan Hazard and Marco Reus have all been played out of position to fulfil the role - with no effect. Since Terzic's introduction at the helm, he's put his faith in 16-year old wonderkid Youssoufa Moukoko and given him the nod to start in both Bundesliga games during his reign - the teenager even became the youngest goalscorer in the league's history.While there is no doubt over his talent and potential, Dortmund look as if they need more options than just Moukoko when calling on someone other than Haaland. After all, the Norwegian's boots are not easy ones to fill. Defensive problems have been a feature of Dortmund's season so far and, if they are going to change their inconsistent ways, one of the first things to do is sort out the woeful lapses in concentration that we have come to expect.While Mats Hummels is a proven leader and defender, he hasn't been able to inspire his colleagues to follow his example. Dortmund have conceded needless goals in recent weeks which have piled on pressure. Most notably, in their 5-1 thumping by Stuttgart - Favre's last game in charge - and the 2-1 loss to Union Berlin, defensive errors allowed the opposition to get in and pull ahead.Another experienced centre back could be key to cutting out shoddy and lackadaisical defending for the rest of the season.   Will he? Won't he? Whatever the answer, Dortmund need to find the outcome in January - once and for all.Speculation never does any good for a player and it's no different for Sancho. Since heavy links to Manchester United in the summer, the Englishman's form has vanished for the most past.While he was a key player for Dortmund last season with 17 goals and 17 assists in the Bundesliga, the winger has only made three assists in the league this season, failing to score.Speculation around his future remains and his form is suffering. In recent weeks the winger has offered very little on the pitch and has struggled to make a mark, which is visibly impacting on the team as a whole.It's time to end the saga while the transfer window is open.