Tottenham Hotspur defender Eric Dier could leave the club before the end of the summer transfer window with a number of teams considering a move for him, sources have confirmed to 90min. Dier has less than one year left to run on his Spurs contract but an agreement over an extension has not been reached and is not believed to be close. 90min were first to report back in June that Tottenham would be open to selling Dier as he was not in the immediate plans of new head coach Ange Postecoglou. The 29-year-old was left out of Spurs' matchday squad for their Premier League opening day draw at Brentford on Sunday, with Postecoglou revealing this was a tactical decision as Dier was fully fit. He was also omitted from the Greek-Australian's new-look leadership group despite playing a prevalent role under previous managers. With new vice-captain Cristian Romero, summer signing Micky van de Ven, Davinson Sanchez and Ben Davies all ahead of Dier in the pecking order, he could leave before the window closes, with Tottenham looking to trim their bloated squad ahead of the deadline on 1 September. Dier, who grew up in Portugal from the age of seven, admitted last year that he would like to play abroad again, and 90min understands he could get his wish. Former side Sporting CP would contemplate a reunion if they were to sell in-demand defender Goncalo Inacio in the next few weeks, while Lisbon rivals Benfica are also monitoring Dier in case their own highly-rated centre-back Antonio Silva leaves. However, it is likely that both clubs will keep hold of their homegrown stars for the time being. feed Ligue 1 side Monaco, who have been linked with Fulham defender and Tottenham target Tosin Adarabioyo, have asked Tottenham about the availability of Dier, as have a number of Bundesliga teams. Closer to home, London neighbours Crystal Palace and Scottish champions Celtic are believed to be admirers of Dier. There is also pressing interest in Dier from Saudi Pro League side Al Nassr, who already have the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Sadio Mane on their books. Unlike Dier's other suitors, they would be able to pay Spurs a more generous transfer fee, with European clubs looking for a cut-price deal. Dier joined Tottenham from Sporting back in 2014 and was one of their first signings under Mauricio Pochettino. He spent much of his debut season playing at right-back or centre-back before being moved into midfield under the Argentine. Since Spurs hired Jose Mourinho in 2019, Dier has almost exclusively played in his preferred centre-back role. He's played 361 games in all competitions for the Lilywhites.