Jadon Sancho has been told by Borussia Dortmund that they soon expect to reach a transfer agreement with Manchester United. United identified the England international, formerly of rivals Manchester City, as their primary transfer target for the 2020 window close to a year ago, and negotiations between the two clubs have advanced since the end of the Premier League season. Informal talks have been ongoing for several months, though a deal has yet to be reached. It's moving closer, though. Sancho has been long convinced a move to United was on the cards due to their unwavering interest in him, though the hold up has always been over the transfer fee. He has always been privately open to the prospect of moving to Old Trafford. United last year were willing to go to  £120m for the player, though the Coronavirus pandemic has taken its toll financially on a number of the game's biggest clubs - and United have not been immune. They have always, however, been willing to break the  £89m club record transfer fee they paid for Paul Pogba in 2016 to make the deal happen. Multiple sources have reported on Monday that United are seeking a deal of between  £60m- £70m up front, with two further add on payments over the next two summers to take the deal to Dortmund's price. The German side had always been holding out for three figures in Euros, and stand to make that  with the structure United are putting forward. Jadon Sancho trained alongside his Borussia Dortmund team-mates today - with Jude Bellingham also in action with his new club Dortmund want the deal completed by August 10, in order to give themselves the ability to prepare for the Bundesliga season without distraction, as well as enough time to sign a replacement. Former Man Utd forward Memphis Depay, currently at Lyon, is one player they are targeting. Whether the deal is finalised by that date - an unofficial deadline set by Dortmund - remains to be seen, but there is now growing confidence that an agreement could soon be reached after all parties, player included, made clear that this was the preferred way forward. Sources with knowledge of the situation told 90min:    Jadon has made his stance clear with the club, he wants this deal finalised     he has no plans to start the season with Dortmund, but they have told him that they fully expect things to be done.    The deal is clearly edging towards getting done, and the two clubs have never broken off contact, it has been slow but has always been moving.    Sancho is likely to sign a five-year contract upon completion of the move. Alexis Sanchez is expected to join Inter on a permanent deal in the coming days - ridding United of a huge chunk of his wages - and it will free up the iconic number 7 shirt for Sancho to take if and when he arrives. It has been reported in Italy on Monday evening that Inter will not end up paying a fee for the player.