Marco Asensio has bid farewell to the Real Madrid supporters after confirming his decision to leave the club on a free transfer this summer. The 27-year-old moved to Madrid in the summer of 2015 from Mallorca and, after a season out on loan with Espanyol, quickly sealed his place as a key member of the senior setup at the Santiago Bernabeu. Asensio has racked up 285 appearances for Real in all competitions, 144 of which have come as a starter, but he is now set to depart the club upon the expiry of his contract and is expected to secure a move to Paris Saint-Germain. "Dear madridistas, today I address you with a lump in my throat and a heart full of mixed feelings," Asensio said in a video posted on social media. "Since I was very young, Real Madrid became my passion, my dream and my most cherished goal. And I have had the privilege of making this dream come true during these wonderful years. "I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to Real Madrid, to its president, to its board, to the coaches and to all the people who work tirelessly behind the scenes to make this club such a special institution. "I would also like to mention my teammates. Together, we have lived moments of glory, fought in every battle and celebrated unforgettable victories.  feed "But I cannot forget the real reason to be part of Real Madrid, its incredible fans. You are the soul and the engine of this club. Your passion, your encouragement and your unconditional love are what drive us to give our all in every game and to live unforgettable nights that I will always carry with me. "However, the time has come where I have to make a difficult decision. I have decided to embark on a new direction in my career in search of a project in which I can achieve new goals.  "Thank you, dear madridistas, for all your unconventional support. We will meet somewhere along this beautiful soccer road." Real Madrid also posted their own tribute to Asensio, adding: "Real Madrid would like to express its gratitude and affection to Marco Asensio, a player who has defended our badge and our colours for seven seasons. "He joined Real Madrid when he was just 20 years old and has made history as part of a team involved in one of our most successful eras. "Marco Asensio has lifted 17 trophies at Real Madrid: 3 European Cups, 4 Club World Cups, 3 Uefa Super Cups, 3 La Liga titles, 1 Copa del Rey and 3 Spanish Super Cups. "As madridistas we will never forget his career and his outstanding conduct during all this time. Real Madrid is and will always be his home, and we wish him and all his family the best of luck in this new chapter in his career."