Welcome to 90min's rolling transfer news live blog this Sunday - where you can stay up to date with all the goings on as we enter the final stretch of the January window. With just eight days remaining for teams to get their business wrapped up, there is a lot of work still to be done across the continent. Although the likes of Newcastle have been active and are expected to have more incomings before the end of the month, January has once again proven to be a tough time to enter the market. While some transfers seems far more likely than others, certain names have dominated the headlines this month. On Saturday, Diego Carlos, Antonio Rudiger, Joao Felix and Jude Bellingham were all in the news, with their respective futures uncertain. Follow below for live transfer updates across the day... That's the end of our live coverage of the transfer window for today, but never fear, there'll be a whole new load of action flooding in. Keep an eye out on 90min tomorrow morning and follow along with all the fun! Everton's hunt for their new manager is expected to take them towards Vitor Pereira for the third time in recent memory. Pereira is readily available after leaving Fenerbahce and is set for another round of talks with the Toffees in the near future. Any slim hopes Chelsea may have had of signing AC Milan's Theo Hernandez to ease their left-back woes have been put to bed by Milan chief Paolo Maldini. "Theo Hernandez will extend his contract in the next days. We've reached an agreement - it's just matter of time to meet with his agent and sign all the paperwork." Earlier today, we covered reports that Bayern Munich were not looking to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona. If that wasn't enough for you, how about this from Bayern president Herbert Hainer?    We have a very, very strong team. I don't see any reason why we should still do something in winter.     90min understands that Christian Eriksen is one step closer to a return to the Premier League, with a medical with Brentford lined up. Read more about that here. Tottenham were bested by Chelsea yet again this evening, after which Spurs boss Antonio Conte made one more call for help from the board.    To be an important team, you need important players. At the moment we are far away. It takes time. Years.    As per Calciomercato.com Milan and Spurs recently reached an agreement over the transfer of Franck Kessie - but the player was not interested.   As if Tottenham fans had not suffered enough today    This does not rule out Kessie arriving in North London in the summer, though. 90min understands that the midfielder just did not want to be forced into a move this month. He can command a significant signing-on fee and have a greater choice of clubs at the end of the season when his contract expires. Mikel Arteta has hinted at the profile of player Arsenal are looking to attract this month. "The market is difficult, it's complicated," Arteta said, after his side's 0-0 draw with basement-dwellers Burnley. "We knew that, but it's a lot to manage and we have to make the right decisions with players that we believe are going to really help us and try to bring in ones that can take us to the next level.    Players that come here have to be able to take us to the next level. We already have a level, and we want to see much better standards than we already have, and that is how we're going to recruit.    Juventus are making progress in their pursuit of Man Utd forward Anthony Martial, according to Nicolo Ceccarini. The Bianconeri are believed to have the advantage over fellow suitors Sevilla and are thought to be willing to pay a big chunk of Martial's salary to get a deal done. After watching his side draw a blank against Burnley earlier today, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta admitted he doesn't feel good about getting the new signings he wants.    The market is difficult, it's complicated. New signings? Yes, we are certainly trying. I don't know if we'll be able to do it, but let's see." Liverpool and Barcelona are both looking to sign Ajax right-back Noussair Mazraoui, whose contract in Amsterdam is up in the summer... and he seems pretty confident that he'll be leaving.    My future? That's a good question man. I think the chances of me remaining at Ajax are very small, maybe 5%."    I am open for something new - it's a good moment to leave." A conflicting report from Marca's earlier says the rumour linking Frenkie de Jong with a move to Bayern this month has been laughed off. That's not to say they won't try in the future, though. Man Utd are open to selling both a Aaron Wan Bissaka and Harry Maguire, according to a report from Spain. 90min revealed this week that interim manager Ralf Rangnick has held a meeting and wants to make certain changes as he hopes to oversee improvement at Old Trafford. Juventus boss Max Allegri has suggested Arsenal target Arthur Melo will not be leaving the club this month when asked about the situation yesterday. "The team is this and it will remain like this. "Let   s not forget that Arthur has come back from six months of inactivity, he needed to find time and he   s now performing well. "Arthur   s talent is not in dispute, he needs certain players by his side. Arthur   s part of Brazil national team, he   s an important player." According to Mundo Deportivo, Barcelona have offered Ajax Alejandro Balde on loan until the end of the season in order to get the Nico Tagliafico deal over the line.  Borna Sosa: remember the name. He's the latest full-back to be linked with Chelsea during the January window. Sky Germany are reporting the Blues' interest. Aston Villa are in talks with Juventus over a potential January  move  for midfielder Rodrigo Bentancur, although  90min  understands he is attracting interest from around the Premier League. The 24-year-old has fallen out of favour since Max Allegri returned to Turin, with the Juve manager favouring Weston McKennie, Manuel Locatelli and Adrien Rabiot in recent weeks. Bentancur has been in and out of the team throughout the 2021/22 season and, according to  Sky Sports, Villa are now keen to capitalise on that and bring the Uruguay international to the Midlands. Liverpool are unlikely to sign Gladbach's Denis Zakaria this month, having been among a host of names linked with the midfielder. According to the Echo, the need for a new midfielder has subsided somewhat with a load of players returning from injuries or international duty imminently. Zakaria is out of contract at the end of the season, so expect to see his name in the headlines a lot in the next week or so. Another development in the Ousmane Dembele saga... The Barcelona contract rebel has failed to turn up for training today, citing stomach problems. According to AS, 'no-one at the club believes' him and he could be sanctioned. The French winger has been told he will be sold this month having failed to agree a new contract at Camp Nou - a result of his self-admittedly lofty wage demands. [COMUNICADO M  DICO]El jugador del primer equipo Ousmane Demb  l   no se ha presentado esta ma  ana en la Ciudad Deportiva Joan Gamper, tal y como estaba citado, por una indisposici  n g  strica pic.twitter.com/ZwXmkXi71u Arthur Melo has agreed terms with Arsenal ahead of his proposed loan move from Juventus,  90min  understands. The midfielder has confirmed his intentions to leave Turin this January, with Juve the only party left to green-light the switch. The Serie A giants are open to letting the 25-year-old leave the club, but as  90min  reported  earlier in the window, they are keen to offload him on a longer-term basis and would likely not accept any short-term loan deal. The offer made by the Gunners was to sign Arthur on loan until the end of the season, with the Gunners willing to pay the midfielder's wages in full. The Brazilian earns around    168k per week at his current club. Antonio Conte has left midfielder Dele Alli out of his Tottenham squad for the big London derby at Chelsea this afternoon. There is just over a week of the transfer window remaining, and Spurs are open to the 24-year-old England international leaving on loan. 90min have previously reported that Newcastle may turn to Dele if they can't land primary target Jesse Lingard this month. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has given a pretty clear answer about whether winger Eden Hazard has a future at the Bernabeu, amid continued speculation linking the Belgian to their mutual former side Chelsea. "Hazard is in our plans for the next season, I can confirm." That's that, then. Pretty definitely. We're sure he won't be dominating the headlines over the summer... A bombshell from Spain! Bayern Munich could make a sensational move for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong this month. According to Marca, Bayern want the Dutchman now and have already contacted the player's representatives to sound out his interest in a move. The next week could be decisive - however, a tense relationship between the two clubs is cited as a potential sticking point. If they can't find a deal now, the Bavarian giants will try again in the summer. Newcastle United have never been far from the headlines this month. The Telegraph report the Magpies are working on personal terms in a move for Bayer Leverkusen's Dutch left-back Mitchel Bakker. It seems this is one deal the club's negotiators have made some progress on. Manager Eddie Howe spoke once again about transfers following the win at Leeds.    We will be active until the last day and we are looking to improve the squad, and it   s more important after these three injuries. We   re working.    You saw the power of recruitment. Kieran Trippier and Chris Wood made huge contributions and, if you get it right, you can elevate the club to greater heights. We learnt there is a resilience in the players, they are fighting, and they have a belief we are not dead and buried. Hopefully that can transform our season.    An interesting one coming out this morning... The Netherlands will apparently make an audacious move for Pep Guardiola when his contract expires in 2023. The KNVB see Guardiola as the perfect man to replace Louis van Gaal in the Dutch hot-seat in the future and bring back 'Total Football'. Guardiola recently hinted he is undecided about his future.    My decision [when to leave City] will be taken with the club. They gave me everything so I cannot betray them. Or do anything wrong to them. That would not be nice. Together we took decisions for me to come here and to extend the contract two times [until now] and it will be the same [in future]: it depends how they feel about me, how I feel myself in the club." Newcastle will hold fresh talks over Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma today - according to the Daily Mail. The Mali international is rated at a hefty  £50m - a hell of a lot of money to spend at this stage of the window and a complicated deal to thrash out in eight days. Don't hold yer breath, Magpies. Christian Eriksen is set to make a sensational and beautiful return to the Premier League by signing for Brentford next week. The Mirror report he will join the west Londonders within the next 60 hours, although he has been training with former club Ajax. The Dane suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed on the pitch at Euro 2020 before having a defibrillator fitted to his heart. Rules in Italy meant Inter were forced to release him late last year. According to reports in Italy, Arsenal are nearing a deal for Juventus' Brazilian midfielder Arthur. It seems there has been a breakthrough in talks with the Gunners willing to take him on loan for 18 months, rather than just six. His agent is working on a deal and the player is willing to take a pay cut if it means playing regularly. Could this come back to haunt them? It's been revealed that Man Utd passed up the chance to  sign  prolific River Plate striker Julian Alvarez earlier in January - and now their arch rivals Man City are set to bring him in. 90min  reported on Friday that City had agreed terms on a deal worth around  £20m for the 21-year-old, who will remain in Argentina for the rest of the season before joining up with his new side in the summer. With the forward's contract due to expire at the end of 2022, the player is said to have been offered to  Man Utd  earlier in the transfer window, but the Red Devils declined to pursue a deal. Talks are ongoing between Tottenham and Paris Saint-Germain over a proposed return to Ligue 1 for Tanguy Ndombele.  The deal being discussed is said to be a loan, and Spurs are only willing to accept if PSG cover 100% of the player's wages.  The Parisians certainly have the money to do so, so this is one to keep an eye on. Chelsea and Inter have both been linked with a move for Stuttgart full-back Borna Sosa by Sky Germany. The Blues are looking for wing-back cover for long-term injury absentee Ben Chilwell, while Inter want an attacking left-sided defender who can fit into their five-at-the-back system. However, a January move appears unlikely, with Stuttgart in the midst of a relegation battle and a    30m price tag on the Croatia international's head. His contract also does not expire until 2025. An interesting update from Italy this morning... Fiorentina goalscoring machine Dusan Vlahovic has been left out of the Viola's squad for their Serie A clash with Cagliari today, and the club have not explained why. However, it is not clear whether this has anything to do with strong interest from Arsenal and Juventus... Fiorentina revealed before the match that two unnamed members of their squad had tested positive for Covid-19. Riccardo Saponara is the other player to miss out.