Manchester United are resigned to missing out on Frenkie de Jong this summer and, alongside a bid for Juventus' Adrien Rabiot, have expressed a formal interest in long-term target Sergej Milinkovic-Savic from Lazio. A    20m bid has also been launched from United for Real Betis' Guido Rodriguez, who is seen as a possible alternative to Rabiot. Arsenal and Liverpool are set to butt heads in pursuit of Villarreal winger Yeremy Pino. The 19-year-old, who has also been scouted by Manchester City, could cost in excess of    60m. That sum may be too high for Liverpool, who are prepared to step up their interest in Inter midfielder Marcelo Brozovic following the news that Thiago is facing at least six weeks on the sidelines with a hamstring injury. Bernardo Silva is growing frustrated with Barcelona's delay in bidding for him. He wants to move to Camp Nou but is not prepared to wait forever. Meanwhile, Paris Saint-Germain have expressed an interest in Silva, but he would prefer to remain with Man City if a move to Barcelona is off the cards. Martin Braithwaite has warned Barcelona that he must be paid his full salary they want him to leave the club this summer. The Dane is keen to move to Saudi Arabia but is not prepared to be forced out of Camp Nou. Barcelona are happy to sell Braithwaite but will only offload one of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang or Memphis Depay. The latter has interest from Juventus and is in talks over terminating his contract in order to make the move. Juventus are also interested in Marseille's Arkadiusz Milik after accepting that Alvaro Morata is no longer a feasible target. Marcos Alonso is close to joining Barcelona in a deal which will see Chelsea earn around    8m. Chelsea could also lose one of Armando Broja or Michy Batshuayi, both of whom are wanted by Everton manager Frank Lampard. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Sean Walsh  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Chelsea's plans to sign Marc Cucurella and Wesley Fofana. There's the latest on James Maddison, Jamie Vardy, Cristiano Ronaldo and Frenkie de Jong, and chat on Diogo Jota's new deal and Roberto Firmino's Liverpool future. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Despite rubbishing reports of a possible exit, Bayern Munich are believed to be open to offloading winger Leroy Sane for the right price. Man Utd and Liverpool have both expressed an interest in the German. Mauro Icardi would be open to joining Real Madrid this summer to help cover for the ageing Karim Benzema. Mariano Diaz is the only other striker in Real's first team but he is wanted by fellow La Liga side Almeria and could be allowed to leave if an alternative can be found. Fiorentina are ready to launch a bid to beat Villarreal to the loan signing of Tottenham midfielder Giovani Lo Celso. The Italian side are prepared to pay an initial    2m with an option to sign him permanently for    20m.