Borussia Dortmund official Sebastian Kehl has expressed confidence that superstar striker Erling Haaland will still be playing for the club next season, despite interest in the 20-year-old Norwegian prodigy from many of Europe   s biggest sides. Haaland has scored 53 goals in 56 appearances since joining Dortmund less than 18 months ago, on top of 28 in 22 games for Red Bull Salzburg in the first half of last season. That goal return has made him the most coveted striker in world football, with the likes of Real Madrid, Manchester City, Chelsea, Manchester United, Barcelona and Juventus keenly tracking him. Haaland is thought to have a    75m release clause that becomes active next year. But even though Dortmund could sell for much more than that capped figure this summer, the Bundesliga side appear unwilling to let him go just yet and are confident he will stay.    I understand that Erling Haaland will play for Borussia Dortmund in the new season. Erling totally agrees. I see him every day and I can say that he completely identifies with the club,    Kehl, who is head of first-team football, told German broadcaster Sport1. Dortmund stood firm last summer when Manchester United were trying to sign Jadon Sancho and wouldn   t budge from a premium valuation. The Old Trafford club are hopeful that Sancho will be available for less than that this summer, while it has been rumoured that Dortmund, who are facing cash shortfalls due to the coronavirus pandemic and are still at risk of failing to qualify for the Champions League, are more minded to sell Sancho if it means keeping Haaland. Super-agent Mino Raiola, who represents Haaland, admitted during a recent interview with AS that Dortmund have firmly told him that the player is not for sale this summer, although he hinted at doubt as to whether that stance will last until the transfer window closes in September.    He has to tell me when all things are clear in my head and I can make a menu, and put it on his plate: we have that, this and this   but for now we can't,    Raiola explained.