90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bayern Munich could launch a shock summer move for Manchester United defensive midfielder Casemiro. (Kicker) Thomas Tuchel is also keen to reunite with Chelsea's Mateo Kovacic, but is unlikely to sanction an exit for Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United target Ryan Gravenberch. (Sport1/CaughtOffside) MLS chief Don Garber says Inter Miami must be 'clever' to have any hope of luring Lionel Messi away from the clutches of Barcelona. The Argentine is almost certain to leave Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer this summer. (CBS Sports) Real Madrid will fly to Germany in the coming days in a bid to convince Jude Bellingham that a move to the Bernabeu from Borussia Dortmund this summer is in his best interests. (Marca) Arsenal's top transfer target is West Ham United captain Declan Rice, with Brighton's Moises Caicedo and Chelsea's Mason Mount also high on the club's agenda. (Telegraph) Joao Felix will not be returning to Atletico Madrid this summer and could instead extend his loan deal at Chelsea. (The Sun) Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie could return to Italy after just one season at Camp Nou, with Juventus interested in a deal for the Ivorian. (Sport) feed Cash-strapped Inter are ready to sell Real Madrid target Nicolo Barella if they receive a bid of    60m this summer. (Fichajes) Newcastle are ready to push hard this summer to tie up a deal for Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay, who has been in and out of the Red Devils side this season. (Football Insider) Benfica will demand close to  £80m for teenage defensive sensation Antonio Silva, who is being monitored by Liverpool. (Football Insider) Manchester United may face competition from other Premier League sides if they look to sign Brazilian right-back Vanderson from Monaco. (RMC Sport) Arsenal winger Reiss Nelson, who is out of contract this summer, is being monitored by Serie A giants AC Milan. (Calciomercato) Champions League quarter-finalists Napoli will not trigger the    30m option to buy clause in the loan deal of Tottenham midfielder Tanguy Ndombele. (Nicolo Schira)