Tottenham Hotspur have held talks with Barcelona regarding the potential signings of Franck Kessie and Clement Lenglet, sources have confirmed to 90min. Spurs have added Guglielmo Vicario, James Maddison and Manor Solomon to their ranks this summer, while Dejan Kulusevski and Pedro Porro's loans have been made permanent. The top story of Tottenham's window has been regarding a potential outgoing, with Bayern Munich continuing their relentless pursuit of Harry Kane - 90min reported on Tuesday that the German champions remain confident of finalising a deal. 90min understands Spurs are still looking to bring in further players before the transfer deadline and have made enquiries to Barca about midfielder Kessie and defender Lenglet. Kessie has long been a target of Tottenham's and they most recently made an enquiry to Barcelona back in December 2022. 90min reported last month the Ivory Coast international is open to a summer exit amid interest from Juventus and the Saudi Pro League. Juve have now made a loan offer for Kessie and Spurs are weighing up their own move for the 26-year-old. feed Kessie sat out Barcelona's 1-0 pre-season win against Milan due to injury, but head coach Xavi delivered a cryptic update on the midfielder post-match, telling reporters: "Regarding his future, I can say that he knows exactly what the situation is." Lenglet, meanwhile, spent the 2022/23 season on loan at Spurs, making 35 appearances and scoring one goal. Sources have told 90min the France international is being considered as a potential fall-back option in case Tottenham fail to sign either of their priority targets in Bayer Leverkusen's Edmond Taposba and Wolfsburg's Micky van de Ven. Spurs have been locked in talks to sign the two young centre-backs for over a month but negotiations have scarcely progressed. Tottenham will coincidentally play Barcelona next Tuesday in the Joan Gamper Trophy, which will also serve as La Blaugrana's first game at their temporary home of the Estadi Olimpic Lluis Companys.