Barcelona have postponed negotiations with Inter over a deal for forward Lautaro Mart  nez and are now focused on raising as much money as possible to pursue a deal later in the summer. President Josep Maria Bartomeu recently insisted the club are in a period of 'internal reflection' while they figure out their priorities for the summer, so talks over a blockbuster move for Mart  nez have been put on the back-burner. As noted by Marca, that doesn't mean a move for Mart  nez is dead. In fact, Barcelona are so confident that they will be able to get the deal over the line that they are avoiding frustrating Inter by trying to do it so soon. Inter are still competing in Serie A and will then turn their attention to the Europa League, which finishes a week after the Champions League, and they want Mart  nez to be completely focused on that. There have already been murmurs of discontent with his reaction to Bar  a's interest, so the La Liga side are taking a step back as they don't want to see his price tag raised. Mundo Deportivo note that the only real issue with this deal is the finances. A deal of    70m plus Junior Firpo has been tentatively agreed, but Barcelona don't have that    70m right now. To raise those funds, a whole host of players are thought to have been put on the chopping block. Jean-Clair Todibo, Rafinha  Alc  ntara, Moussa  Wagu  , Ivan Rakiti  , Arturo Vidal, Neto, Samuel Umtiti and Ousmane Demb  l   could all be sold, which would definitely raise that    70m. If they can't bring in all that money, Bar  a could still turn to Arsenal's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. MD note that the striker has not given up on a move to Camp Nou and suggest he could delay all contract talks until he sees a move to Spain is no longer possible (i.e. if Barcelona sign Mart  nez). Neither Barcelona nor Inter are particularly worried about this Mart  nez deal. Bar  a have already agreed personal terms and are well aware of the Argentine's desire to make the move, while Inter have seen Mart  nez reject a new contract and also know he wants to go.