90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Marcus Rashford will delay making a decision on his Manchester United future until the club's new owners are confirmed, with his current contract approaching its final 18 months. (The Sun) Man Utd want to give Rashford more help in attack and are eyeing a move for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, although Paris Saint-Germain have arranged a meeting with the Nigerian's agents in the coming weeks. (Foot Mercato) Should they miss out on Osimhen, Man Utd could pursue a shock move for Moussa Dembele, whose Lyon contract is set to expire in the summer. (TEAMtalk) Joao Felix, on loan at Chelsea from Atletico Madrid, is also on Man Utd's radar and the Red Devils are optimistic that they could negotiate a discount on his  £80m asking price. (AS) Another striker on Chelsea's books, Romelu Lukaku, is of interest to Bayern Munich as they seek a new high-level striker. (Fichajes) Completing the Chelsea exodus could be Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who is on Barcelona's radar as an alternative to Brazilian starlet Vitor Roque. (Mundo Deportivo) READ NEXT manual As far as incomings go, Chelsea are actively working to sign Southampton midfielder Romeo Lavia. Manchester City have a  £40m buy-back clause on the Belgian but that does not become active until 2024. (Football Insider) Arsenal are the latest side to express an interest in Barcelona youngster Ilias Akhomach. The 18-year-old forward is wanted by AC Milan, Leeds and Sevilla as he approaches the end of his contract. (Sport) Man City are busy trying to sign 16-year-old Hadjuk Split centre-back Luka Vuskovic, but they face significant competition from PSG. (Fabrizio Romano) Real Madrid are not prepared to outbid Liverpool for Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham but will give him a huge    10m-a-year contract if he does choose to move to the Santiago Bernabeu. (Marca) A number of Premier League sides are keen on Crystal Palace centre-back Marc Guehi. Tottenham are prepared to pay  £45m for the 22-year-old but Palace are holding out for  £65m. (Football Transfers) LISTEN NOW