One goal, two assists and a huge hand in another strike. That's how you announce yourself to the rest of the world.  Anyone who watches Serie A - and more accurately, anyone who takes 90 minutes out of their week to treat themselves to some Atalanta-ball - won't be in the least bit surprised by Robin Gosens' match-winning contribution in Germany's 4-2 victory over holders Portugal.  In reality, this kind of performance is the norm for the 26-year-old, not the anomaly. Gosens may have only scored his second international goal for Die Mannschaft, but his offerings at club level are something else.  The left-wing-back scored 11 goals and provided six assists in Serie A last season, matching his equally impressive 17 goal contributions in the 2019/20 campaign. In terms of marauding left flankers, there is no one better in terms of delivery and getting among the goals. Robin Gosens    game by numbers vs. Portugal:100% tackles won78% pass accuracy 46 touches     6 in the box 3 shots [3 on target]2 chances created 1 assist 1 goal Outstanding.       ?    pic.twitter.com/JIufPHBoHf His strapping physique makes him a rare breed of wing-back, who boasts the body type of a commanding central midfielder, but the wicked delivery, aerial ability and clinical finishing of an elite striker. And he never stops running - ever. So, this a man who is already playing in a Champions League quality side, but is talented enough to be patrolling the wing of the very, very best teams in Europe. Which club would be his best destination, then? If Antonio Conte was still Inter coach, and if the club wasn't going through some extreme financial turmoil, this signing could have transformed the Nerazzurri from Serie A champions into European champions. The left-wing-back position was probably the only role which could have been improved upon in Inter's starting lineup last year, and yet they still won the league at a canter with Ivan Perisic filling in. However, Conte is gone, Inter are looking to sell their big stars and their Italian dominance may only last one year. What might have been...  The Thomas Muller meme proper kills me yanno, keep them coming ??#DioGOALJota pic.twitter.com/dby5CGjmmx Realistically, Bayern don't need a left-wing-back, considering they already own one of the best left-sided defenders in world football in Alphonso Davies. BUT, should they sign him, it would present joker Thomas Muller with another amazing opportunity for one of his classic, timeless puns, and that's worth sticking them in the list."We call him Robin Goal-sens... you know - Robin Goal-sens? Guys?" Chelsea do have Ben Chilwell to occupy that left flank, but behind him there is Emerson Palmieri and Marcos Alonso, both of whom could leave Stamford Bridge this summer. Thomas Tuchel loves a German compatriot, and Gosens would fit his dynamic and structured system perfectly. He'd have to settle for sharing regular game time with Chilwell however, and that could become an issue in the long run.  A lot of work is required to make this Real Madrid side a force of nature again, but Gosens would solve one major issue within the squad. Ferland Mendy has impressed since arriving at Santiago Bernabeu, but backup Marcelo just isn't up to scratch anymore. Mendy has also shown some positional flexibility in playing at left-centre-back, which would allow Gosens to bomb up and down that flank as he pleases. This one makes sense to us.  Three points, two assists, one goal ? A star performance from Germany's marauding wing-back Robin Gosens ?@Heineken | #EUROSOTM | #EURO2020 pic.twitter.com/AzTzHlIHZQ Yeah, we know Barcelona haven't got any money, and they do have Jordi Alba, but realistically how many more years at the top has he got left in him? Ronald Koeman's arrival as coach has coincided with a switch to a back three, and Gosens is the ideal candidate to perform that role. The German is all about those darting runs behind defences to whip crosses into the middle, and his physical strength would add some steel to Bar  a's current backline. Finances are always an issue, but who doesn't grow up dreaming of playing at Camp Nou?