West Ham United have been handed an unexpected boost in their bid to sign Edson Alvarez after Borussia Dortmund's move for the Ajax defensive midfielder stalled, 90min understands. The 25-year-old had looked to be heading to the Bundesliga giants in a deal worth  £30m - a fraction of the amount of money Dortmund agreed to sell Jude Bellingham to Real Madrid for earlier in June. The Mexican had expressed his interest in moving to Germany and went on the record to say that "...this is what could make it the right time to take the next step in my career. But everything has to be perfect. I have to improve, but so do Ajax." However, 90min understands that Dortmund's move for Alvarez has hit a snag and they are now making alternative transfer plans. Indeed, former Liverpool midfielder Emre Can is set to be offered a new contract and a move for Wolfsburg's Felix Nmecha is being lined up. That's opened the door for West Ham to re-enter the race for Alvarez, at a time when they are beginning to prepare for life after captain Declan Rice. Arsenal have agreed the structure of a  £105m deal for the 24-year-old - a record transfer fee for a British player - and are now ironing out the finer details before a medical takes place. feed Alvarez, a defensive midfielder who can also play at centre-back, has long been admired by West Ham - he's also courted interest from Chelsea and Manchester United in the past - and there was previously an expectation that a bid would be put in by the Hammers to test Ajax's  £40m valuation. West Ham are imminently set to welcome Tim Steidten as their new technical director, with his appointment likely to influence the club's transfer policy this summer Joao Palhinha and Kalvin Phillips are two players the club have near the top of their current target list, 90min understands, while interest is also held in Denis Zakaria, who spent last season on loan at Chelsea, and Amadou Onana. All four are viewed as attainable targets despite their varying market values. There's also an appetite to strengthen West Ham's Europa Conference League-winning squad with a new centre-back and wide forward - a number of players have been shortlisted both at home and abroad.