Chelsea have announced the signing of 22-year-old Canada international Jessie Fleming, with the midfielder taking her first step into the professional game having played collegiate soccer in the United States with UCLA Bruins until last year. Fleming already has a tremendous amount of experience for her age, having made close to 80 international appearances for Canada following a senior debut at just 15 in 2013.  We are delighted to announce the signing of Canadian international, @_JessFlem! ? Welcome to Chelsea, Jessie! ? #JessieJoinsChelsea #CFCW #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea Football Club Women (@chelseafcw) on Jul 22, 2020 at 6:15am PDT Fleming has signed a three-year contract with Chelsea until the summer of 2023 and has been handed the club   s number 17 shirt.    I knew I really wanted to play in the WSL,    the player told her new club   s official website.    I think the league is doing really well right now and there is a ton of fantastic players in the league so that really excited me.    For Chelsea it was the players here and I wanted to be in a challenging environment. Having conversations with Emma [Hayes] and learning a bit more about the team, I was just really excited about the environment and what it has to offer.     From London ?? to London ???????...  There   s a new Blue in town! ? @_JessFlem #JessieJoinsChelsea #CFCW #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea Football Club Women (@chelseafcw) on Jul 22, 2020 at 6:31am PDT Hayes glowingly described Fleming as one of the    top young players in the world   .    For us to be able to sign her is a testament to the work that has been done here for a number of years. She chose Chelsea, this was her priority, her first choice and we were over the moon to get her,    the Blues boss added. Fleming with strength a Chelsea midfield already brimming with elite talent ahead of a 2020/21 season that will see the club return to the Women   s Champions League and necessitate even greater depth as Hayes    team competes for four different trophies.