Borussia Dortmund and Manchester United are locked in a stand-off over the cost of a deal for winger Jadon Sancho. Sancho has attracted interest from the vast majority of elite clubs across Europe, with Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United often named as the leading candidates, but it is the Red Devils who are in the driver's seat.  The moment I made Bundesliga History! #Believe ?? A post shared by  Jadon Sancho (@sanchooo10) on Feb 2, 2020 at 3:49am PST United see Sancho as the perfect man to lead their youthful squad rebuild, but the impact of the coronavirus crisis has left them adamant they will not break the  £100m barrier to sign the Englishman. The two clubs are in a stand-off at the moment, with Dortmund still holding out for the biggest-possible price. They have been looking for around  £115m and don't believe his value has been impacted by the coronavirus outbreak, as the Telegraph again reported on Wednesday night. It's a common situation for negotiations of this size, but 90min understands that both Dortmund and United still expect this deal to go through this summer as there is still plenty of time to find a compromise that pleases both sides. ? This cheeky nutmeg by Jadon Sancho wins Skill of the Day! ?#UCL | @Mastercard pic.twitter.com/pJniS4Z9Jb United's chances of landing Sancho have been handed a boost as Sport Bild state that Sancho has decided he wants to leave Dortmund this summer, and the Evening Standard add that the winger's focus is on a return to the Premier League. Dortmund are said to be running out of patience with Sancho's off-field behaviour, which has included frequent trips to England and breaching safety rules to get a haircut. "Jadon is not only an exceptional footballer who is noticeable on the pitch, but occasionally also outside of the pitch. Sometimes it's not easy for us," sporting director Michael Zorc previously said of Sancho's discipline. Today wasn't Jadon Sancho's day in front of goal, but this would have been special ?That first defender will be having nightmares for weeks... pic.twitter.com/4HwtI5U1Tc United will look to use that to their advantage in negotiations as they push to lower the price of any deal, but Dortmund know they are in possession of one of football's most exciting talents and will not be bullied into dropping their asking price.