Fulham have completed the signing of Bordeaux forward Josh Maja on loan for the rest of the season, meeting manager Scott Parker   s request for a striker to add more options up front and help the Cottagers stay in the Premier League. Aleksandar Mitrovic is currently Fulham   s only recognised centre forward and a lack of goals is what is keeping the club in the relegation zone after improving defensively over the last six weeks. Sky Sports reported early on deadline day that talks over a short-term deal for Maja were ongoing, and a deal has now been confirmed after Fulham allowed Aboubakar Kamara to leave the club on loan. Speaking to Fulham's official website, Maja said: "I   m really excited and proud to sign for Fulham on loan for the remainder of the season. This is a big opportunity and I look forward to meeting up with the team and working hard to achieve positive results." Fulham co-owner, Tony Khan, added: "I   m delighted that we   ve been able to bring Josh back to Fulham. He   s made tremendous progress in the years since he left our Academy, and now he   s returning to the Club in our First Team with an opportunity to earn his place in our squad and prove himself at the highest level. Come on Fulham!" London-born Maja joined Bordeaux from Sunderland in January 2019 after he refused a new contract with the Black Cats. He had previously played in Fulham   s youth ranks prior to making the first-team breakthrough at the Stadium of Light, so a return to west London will be familiar territory for the 22-year-old. Maja scored 15 times in 24 appearances for Sunderland in League One during the first half of the 2018/19 season. He   s started 11 times for Bordeaux in Ligue 1 this season, but only scored twice in 17 appearances and not at all since October. Maja is a 71-rated player on FIFA 21, with career mode potential of 80. Pace is his greatest asset at 76, with 69 each for shooting and dribbling, 57 each for passing and physical and 28 for defending. Although English by birth, Maja represents Nigeria at international level through his parents    nationality and made his senior debut in September 2019. He was a late substitute in a friendly against Ukraine, which actually means he is not permanently locked in for Nigeria and could theoretically switch allegiance to England in the future if a call-up is ever in the offing before he has played competitively for the Super Eagles. Fulham were credited with deadline day interest in Bournemouth   s Joshua King, alongside West Ham, Southampton and Everton. King was wanted by Manchester United last January. He scored 48 Premier League goals for the Cherries during their five seasons in the top flight, but hasn   t found the net in 12 Championship appearance in what has been a stop-start campaign for the Norwegian.