Rennes are ready to sell prized asset Eduardo Camavinga before the end of the transfer window, 90min has learned - with a host of top European clubs now vying to secure his signature. Camavinga is regarded as one of the best young players in Europe, but it had been thought that after lengthy talks he would be staying in France for one more season. However, it has now emerged that the 18-year-old is available to move in this window, if Rennes receive a bid they find acceptable.  Previously, the club had valued Camavinga at around  £80m, which put off potential suitors from making a move. But with his contract expiring next summer and no new deal likely, Rennes have now decided to do business - and Camavinga could end up leaving for less than half of that original asking price. Camavinga's agent is Jonathan Barnett, who is well-known for representing Gareth Bale, and he's assessing the options now available to the teenage star. 90min has learned that close to half-a-dozen clubs have made it known they would like to speak to him, including Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid, Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea. PSG - who have assembled quite the squad after bringing in Lionel Messi, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Sergio Ramos, Achraf Hakimi and Georginio Wijnaldum this summer - feel they are leading the race for Camavinga, and would like to get a deal done quickly having already engaged in talks with Rennes. However, United and Liverpool are both in the mix, even though both clubs had previously thought a deal was unattainable this summer. That is now not the case and they are very much part of the conversations. Chelsea also feel a deal is there to be done. The Blues have been looking at Monaco   s Aurelien Tchouameni, but although they remain interested in signing him, the chance to land Camavinga is too much of an opportunity to pass up. Camavinga's availability has taken the English clubs by surprise, but all three are ready to discuss a deal having already done background checks and extensive scouting on the Frenchman.