Exclusive - Brighton and Hove Albion are lining up a Tavernier one-two punch this summer, as Rangers captain James and Middlesbrough winger Marcus high on their transfer agenda.  Graham Potter's Seagulls resume their Premier League season with the visit of Arsenal on Saturday, and are in serious danger of relegation, sitting just two points clear of the drop having failed to register a league win in 2020. All hands are on deck to secure the club's top-flight status, and source has indicated to 90min that although they are confident of winning their fight against the drop, they are planning moves to sign both Tavernier brothers this summer - regardless of what division they are in. ? "To turn around now and completely change it would undo all that hard work that we   ve put in."We want to play a possession style to build into those final third areas and if we have a little bit more quality at that end of the pitch we will score more goals."#BHAFC ?       28-year-old James, who has captained Rangers since 2018, has been on Brighton's radar for a while, has just 12 months remaining on his contract.  Some questions have been raised about his performances this season amid the capitulation of the Ibrox side's title challenge, but he has assisted 15 goals from 45 appearances from right-back, and remains hugely popular - both in Glasgow and Brighton.  What a feeling. What a night. What a team. What a following ??? pic.twitter.com/9gneEY5Vcp He is a target alongside younger brother Marcus, who is a first-team regular at Middlesbrough and an England youth international.  The 21-year-old winger has enjoyed an impressive season, and Boro are in a strong negotiating position in terms of his contract, having signed him to a new long-term deal earlier in the season.  Yet their financial position means that they will have to consider offers for any of their players this summer, and Marcus - having made waves since graduating from their impressive academy - is considered one of their more sellable assets.   Big performance from the boys today we go again?       A post shared by  Marcus Tavernier (@_tavv) on Jan 5, 2020 at 11:05am PST Jonathan Woodgate's team are facing a relegation battle of their own, sitting in 19th place - just two points clear of the Championship danger zone - ahead of their season resuming against Swansea on Saturday. 