There is always a frenzy of shopping in the Premier League once it is confirmed who will be heading down to the Championship. That scenario is likely to play out this summer in particular, with some exceptionally talented squads underperforming and a whole host of talented players dropping down out of the top flight as a result. Everton live to fight another day but, arguably, the real gems for now and in the future can be found at Leicester, Leeds and Southampton - all of whom have surrendered their spot among the elite. Here's the ten best players likely to be on the move this summer. How on earth have Leicester City been relegated? That's the question many people are asking. Not only are the Foxes down just seven years after stunning the world to win the Premier League title, they are going to lose a number of really, really good players. One of the first out of the door will surely be James Maddison, who has been linked with Manchester United, Liverpool, Manchester City and Arsenal in the past. His most likely landing spot? Quite possibly Newcastle, who are entering the Champions League and could really do with a player of his creative quality. Possible destinations: Manchester United, Liverpool, Manchester City, Arsenal, Newcastle Romeo Lavia has been one of the rare bright spots of a terrible Southampton season. Aged just 19, he has shown incredible composure in central midfield, competing at an exceptionally high level despite things collapsing around him. Chelsea and Liverpool are two of the more logical landing spots and he may be seen by Arsenal as a cheaper alternative to West Ham's Declan Rice. Manchester United and Manchester City have also been linked, though the latter's  £40m buy-back clause doesn't kick in until 2024. Possible destinations: Manchester United. Chelsea. Liverpool. Tottenham. Manchester City Robin Koch has not enjoyed himself at Leeds United this season, but anybody with a pair of eyes will know his level has been dragged down by those around him. A move away from Elland Road feels like an inevitably, with Newcastle heavily linked as they need more depth in central defence. A versatile operator who is just 26, Koch will also have his pick of clubs back home in the Bundesliga, should any of the top brass feel he's attainable for under  £20m. Possible destinations: Newcastle, Tottenham, Bayer Leverkusen It has been a very unusual season for Wilfried Gnonto. For a patch of time, he was the darling of both Leeds United and the Italian national team, but the departure of Jesse Marsch as coach saw his playing time reduce drastically under Javi Gracia. Having paid just    4.5m for the former Inter youngster, Leeds could make a serious profit on a player who showed in a very short space of time what he's capable of. A Premier League stay would be nice but the queue of clubs wanting to take Gnonto back to Serie A is growing. Possible destinations: Sassuolo, Napoli, Inter, Lazio, Fiorentina, Chelsea, PSG If there's one player who has given their all for the cause, it's Southampton captain James Ward-Prowse. The 28-year-old has been the heartbeat of the Saints for the best part of a decade and is one of the world's best free-kick takers. He's also a leader who knows the Premier League inside out, making him an exceptionally appetising prospect. Ward-Prowse regularly knocks on the door of England squad's, which tells you all you need to know about the level of club he could join. Possible destinations: Newcastle, Aston Villa, West Ham This is a situation that Leicester will wish they had handled differently. Youri Tielemans is out of contract on June 30, 2023, so is now certain to leave on a free transfer. Not so long ago, the Belgian was being linked with a move away for around  £60m - money that could have been reinvested effectively by Leicester. As it is, he will leave for nothing, with Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United potential landing spots. Roma also like Tielemans and he's shown a willingness to move to different countries in the past. Possible destinations: Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal, Roma, Newcastle If there's one player who really doesn't deserve to go down, based on individual performances alone, it's Harvey Barnes. A scorer of 13 Premier League goals, Barnes showed time and again during 2022/23 just how dangerous he can be on the left flank. A quick, direct runner, he has a keen appetite for goal and is a winger who is genuinely good with both feet. Leicester may still be able to demand up to  £50m for Barnes, but he's not going to be short of suitors. Newcastle, Aston Villa and West Ham are among those to have been linked, but don't rule out a top side coming in. Possible destinations: Newcastle, Aston Villa, West Ham Jack Harrison is still only 26 years old and has shown during Leeds United's time in the Premier League that he can cut it at that level. Harrison actually travelled to Leicester in January for a medical but the move fell through at the last minute. A new contract was signed at Elland Road, but that may be rendered insignificant if a big-money offer comes in. Possible destinations: Newcastle, Aston Villa, West Ham Wilfred Ndidi was once regarded as one of Europe's best defensive midfielders - it's been some fall from grace during Leicester's season of struggle. But that shouldn't detract from the quality that the Nigerian has. Tireless with his running, Ndidi is strong in the tackle, excels at intercepting balls in the passing lane, and can help transition from defence into attack when things are going well. In a top side, Ndidi's abilities would undoubtedly come to the fore. Possible destinations: Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool Kyle Walker-Peters hasn't had a great time of things at Southampton, shipping 73 goals in a side that finished plum last in the table. But that's not a fair reflection on Walker-Peters' ability. Indeed, the 26-year-old has been hugely impressive on the south coast ever since he joined the club in 2020, even breaking into Gareth Southgate's England squad last year.