Newcastle United are interested in signing in-form West Ham forward Jarrod Bowen, 90min can confirm. The 25-year-old has been a hugely influential figure for the Hammers this season, scoring 14 goals in all competitions to help fire the club back into the Premier League's top six and into the quarter-finals of the Europa League. Bowen's 17 goal involvements in the Premier League - nine goals and eight assists - is the highest of any English player in the division and he had been tipped to break into Gareth Southgate's most recent England squad - only to see a fractured bone in his foot rule out a possible call-up for March's international friendlies. 90min revealed in December that to reward his superb and sustained run of form, West Ham were ready to open talks with Bowen over a new and improved contract - and initial discussions have taken place between the club and his representatives. However, with Bowen in the form of his career, he is starting to attract significant interest from elsewhere, putting the Hammers under real pressure to make him one of the highest paid players at London Stadium. Liverpool, who are yet to resolve Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's long-term futures, have long been admirers of Bowen, but 90min has learned that Newcastle are ready to compete with any side in the running for his signature. Sources have revealed that Eddie Howe was a huge fan of Bowen's during his time as Bournemouth manager, and Newcastle's recruitment staff have also issued glowing reports to the club's hierarchy. Indeed, the cash-rich Magpies intend to rebuild their attack over the 12 months, and have earmarked the signing of a new number nine and at least another two wide forwards - the bracket Bowen would fit into. Bowen still has three years left on the long-term deal he signed when joining West Ham in January 2020, and he is very happy at the club. But his weekly remuneration will need to come somewhere close to what Kurt Zouma, the club's highest paid player, is earning if they are to match the wages that Newcastle will easily be able to offer. West Ham are also trying to sort out new contracts and pay rises for Tomas Soucek and Ben Johnson, though talks with both will recommence in the summer after initial discussions failed to lead to an agreement.