Unless you're an Arsenal fan - or just heartless - it's sad to witness the decline of Tottenham Hotspur this season. The notion of Jos   Mourinho ever taking the helm once seemed absurd, yet the Spurs' faithful now find themselves enduring the torment of having to watch the Portuguese manager sucking the life out of their once joyous style of play. Under previous manager Mauricio Pochettino, the Lilywhites were genuine title contenders and were a rampant attacking force that few could match - until the wheels fell off that is.  #OneOfOurOwn ? A post shared by  Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Jun 13, 2020 at 3:50am PDT Now, the club are not only struggling to nab a spot in the Champions League for next season, but they are also left with an unbalanced and weak-looking squad that has the defensive capability of a plastic bag. With incoming additions seemingly going to be at a premium, perhaps it will be more important to see players heading the other way. So here's a look at the six players who should be shown the door - not including Jan Vertonghen whose contract is set to expire on 30 June. Perhaps the least surprising selection on this list, Aurier has been destined to leave from the moment he arrived.  Not only has he seemingly not understood the idea of a lockdown, he's also put in his fair share of shoddy performances at right-back this season, often only staying in the side due to a lack of alternatives. While getting him out the club would only serve to reduce those defensive options even further, it would be best for all parties if the former PSG man packed his bags.  Yes, he can whip in the odd good ball, but he's a mistake waiting to happen at the back. He may be a less likely departure, but few Spurs fans would be sad to see the back of him this summer. The former Sporting CP began his career in England with such promise, nailing down a defensive midfield role for both his club and his country. However, the last few seasons have been pretty 'dire' - sorry - with the England international substituted after just 29 minutes against Olympiakos back in November. Although he may be being lined up as a possible centre-back option at the club, maybe a fresh start is better for all parties. The Danny Rose saga continues to rumble on and on and yet the Englishman somehow still has another year remaining on contract. The man currently on-loan at Newcastle United looks a shadow of the player he was a few years ago. While he was once a nailed on starter for his club and country, his place just in next year's Euros squad is now up in the air. He's still only 29 let's not forget. The Argentinian has shown glimpses of his quality in his seven-year stay in London - and has been one of the more successful post-Gareth Bale additions - yet his injury record and inconsistency have been infuriating. Every pre-season he seems to find form, only to then spend half the season on the treatment table, with only the memory of that rabona goal saving him from embarrassment. But, enough is enough, and under Mourinho there can be no room for hangers-on, the wide-man would be best served accepting a move elsewhere. Lamela's international colleague Foyth has shown little quality in his time at the club, with the defender memorably sent off just two minutes after coming on in the defeat to Bournemouth last season. While he's arguably suffered from a lack of regular game time and a confusion over his best position - either at centre-back or full-back - he's not looked that convincing anywhere he's played. He may have worked his way into the Argentina starting XI, but that might say more about the nation's lack of defensive options than Foyth's own talents.  A permanent move, or at least a loan, would be beneficial for the 22-year-old. The versatile defender is currently on-loan at fellow top-flight side Southampton, but will most likely be available to buy this summer - the Saints do not have option to sign the young man on a permanent deal as part of the loan agreement.