Manchester United are still keen to press ahead with a move for Jadon Sancho this summer - despite reports they would not offer more than  £50m for the player this week - and are prepared to lean on a recently withdrawn loan to help fund the move.  The Red Devils are enjoying a resurgence in the Premier League following the arrival of Bruno Fernandes from Sporting CP, but further big-name signings are required to take the club back to the very top of English football. It's common knowledge that United are prepared to back manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the transfer market, and Borussia Dortmund winger Sancho has been a long-term target for the club. 90min first learned in September that signing the former Manchester City academy was a priority, with confidence that a deal could be struck this summer high - despite Dortmund wanting, at the time, around  £150m for Sancho. That figure has now dropped, owing to the downturn in global finances caused by the coronavirus pandemic, but concluding a deal remains at the forefront of United's minds.  The latest development in this ongoing story comes from a line from Bild, who say that BVB still want north of  £100m for Sancho while putting forward another way that the Red Devils may look to complete the deal. Bild's information stated that United will look to take out a loan to help make the move happen, though financial details released at the end of May confirmed United had already taken out a loan of  £140m from their revolving credit facility. The club's steep reduction in revenue could be the reason behind needing to take such measures. Further reports in the English media this week have suggested that United will look to lowball Dortmund with an offer no higher than  £50m - testing the German giants resolve given the state of the current market - but 90min understands that is not the case. Both United and Dortmund are aware they have a lot of time over the coming months to find the best deal for themselves, and the press (obviously, this happens a lot) may at times be used to send a message or strengthen one side's hand. The fee will be the main sticking point, though personal terms with the player aren't expected to be a problem. Asked @OptaJoe for these stats last night - Sancho's numbers are really quite remarkable aren't they? pic.twitter.com/K8G3bcL8Vx As for Sancho, he wants to return to the Premier League, despite having two years left on his deal in Germany. He enjoyed an outstanding 2019/20 Bundesliga campaign for Dortmund - who remain reluctant to sell but will if he specifically asks to leave - and his numbers since moving to the club are impressive to say the least.