Chelsea are willing to listen to offers for as many as ten first team players, as Frank Lampard looks to fund a substantial overhaul of his playing squad. The Blues have enjoyed a relatively successful first campaign under Lampard, reaching the FA Cup final and qualifying for next season's Champions League after securing a top-four finish in the Premier League. But despite those positives, Lampard will be the first to admit that his team have not been good enough defensively. In the Premier League alone, Chelsea conceded 54 goals and were bailed out by their free-flowing attack - who scored the third highest number of goals. Now, Sky Sports report that Lampard is willing to part company with up to ten first-team players this summer - with nine of those players operating in defensive minded positions. Kepa Arrizabalaga, Jorginho, Antonio Rudiger, Kurt Zouma and Andreas Christiansen are the highest profile names who will be allowed to leave if a suitable offer comes in, while Emerson Palmieri and Michy Batshuayi are also expendable.  Timo in the house with Big Pete! ? @timowerner @petrcech ? #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea FC (@chelseafc) on Jul 27, 2020 at 2:26am PDT Danny Drinkwater, Victor Moses, Tiemoue Bakayoko are the other three players who will be allowed to leave, after each of them spent time away from the club last season out on loan. The Blues have been very active in the transfer market so far this summer, adding superstar striker Timo Werner to their ranks, as well as Ajax's Hakim Ziyech. Leverkusen midfielder Kai Havertz is expected to follow the pair to Stamford Bridge, but any further signings will need to be funded by player sales. One player who could raise significant funds if Chelsea were able to recoup a fee similar to what they originally paid is goalkeeper Kepa. The Blues forked out  £71.6m two years ago, but the Spaniard has struggled throughout his time at the club - keeping just eight clean sheets this season, also recording one of the lowest save percentages in the league at just 53.9%. 