So, you know how clubs don't have loads of money this summer because of the coronavirus outbreak and teams are ready to slow down their spending? Well, that hasn't stopped Manchester United being linked with both Borussia Dortmund's Jadon Sancho and Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz. Sancho is one of United's top targets for the summer window, and although the Red Devils are no longer willing to break the  £100m barrier to sign him, they are still confident of getting a deal done. The fact that United are ready to lower their bid for Sancho should prove to you that they don't have infinite money these days, but The Sun believe that the Red Devils plan to use that spare money to land Havertz - probably the second-most in-demand star around - as well. Sigh. Havertz is wanted by pretty much every European giant, with Chelsea, Liverpool, Barcelona and Bayern Munich all keen on the 20-year-old, but The Sun seem to believe that it is United who are 'leading the race' to sign him. To make matters worse, the report claims that United are ready to start the bidding at just  £50m, so how they can be 'leading the race' when they're trying to pay slightly over half of what Leverkusen want is anyone's guess. Kai Havertz is the first player to score 35 Bundesliga goals before his 21st birthday in the competition   s history.Das Wunderkind. pic.twitter.com/JufFMnjUiB As the story goes, United want Sancho on the right of their attack, Havertz on the left (a position which he has barely ever played) and Marcus Rashford (the actual winger) in the centre, because Anthony Martial has obviously faded into oblivion while football has been postponed. United are keen on striking deals for Aston Villa's Jack Grealish and Birmingham City's Jude Bellingham this summer, so finding a spare  £80m or so to throw at Leverkusen is probably going to be a little too tough this summer. One team who don't plan on bidding for Havertz is Real Madrid. According to Marca, the German was high on their wish list before the coronavirus outbreak, but their limited finances have forced them to postpone a move. With the absence of Kevin Volland, Kai Havertz has been playing more up front. He spoke about what's changed with his positional switch after #BMGB04 ?? #B04WOB pic.twitter.com/D2D3VoTjQ2 With the likes of Dortmund's Erling Haaland and Rennes' Eduardo Camavinga in their sights, Real have accepted that shelling out for Havertz simply isn't possible this summer. They would like to try and recruit the German next summer, but that would only be feasible if he doesn't leave Leverkusen. With so many elite sides plotting bids to sign him in the coming months, it seems like Real have accepted defeat on this one.