Portugal goalkeeper Diogo Costa is among the names FC Porto could look to sell in the summer due to growing financial difficulties at the club, 90min has learned. Costa has been established as a summer transfer target for Premier League sides Manchester United, Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur in recent months, though the 23-year-old recently signed a new contract which took his release clause to around  £65m. It had been expected that with mounting interest in Costa from a number of European giants, the Portuguese outfit could hold out for that clause to be triggered before selling - though trouble behind the scenes at Porto may now present an opportunity for interested parties to sign the player at a cheaper price. 90min understands head coach Sergio Conceicao has even threatened to leave the club due to the troublesome months that could lie ahead. Club president Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa is said to have reacted angrily and now sources have confirmed the two are at loggerheads. Last season's Primeira Liga champions sit ten points behind rivals and runaway leaders Benfica after 25 games this season, and with Conceicao feeling that his side are struggling to keep pace, it's understood he feels investment is required. Portuguese sources however indicate that before any signings could be made, that the club will first need to raise    50m - the quickest way to doing so being through player sales. Costa is Porto's most sellable asset who would command the highest fee, and also happens to have the biggest interest in him as it stands. United have identified the player as a long-term successor to David de Gea, who they are negotiating a reduced contract with at present. It's understood and been previously reported by 90min that United would like another goalkeeper even if the Spaniard extends. Brentford's David Raya is also on their list of targets. Big-spending Chelsea are also interested in signing a new goalkeeper to displace Kepa Arrizabalaga and Eduoard Mendy, while Tottenham want a long-term replacement for Hugo Lloris. Both clubs are understood to be extremely fond of the player. United potentially hold the best chance of offering Champions League football next season out of the three - though United are also prioritising investments in other positions first. A new striker and central midfielder are high on the agenda. Conceicao, who is pointing to the club's finances for a lack of progress this term, is at risk of losing other first team players too - with former Liverpool midfielder Marko Grujic attracting interest from across Europe and striker Evanilson on the radar of a number of clubs, including United, though Erik ten Hag is primarily targeting a striker proven at the highest level as top priority. Costa's status could lead to him commanding the highest fee and the quickest way of raising the required funds for Porto to reinvest.  LISTEN NOW