Manchester City have confirmed the departure of Riyad Mahrez, who has joined Saudi Pro League side Al Ahli. The winger joined from Leicester City in 2018 and went on to win four Premier League titles during a glittering spell at the Etihad Stadium, also getting his hands on the Champions League trophy as part of last season's treble. He leaves City having managed 236 appearances in all competitions, racking up 78 goals and 59 assists for Pep Guardiola's side. "To play for Manchester City has been an honour and privilege," Mahrez told club media. "I came to City to win trophies and enjoy my football and I achieved all that and so much more. "I have had five unforgettable years with this football club, working with unbelievable players, fantastic supporters, and the best manager in the world. I   ve made a lifetime of wonderful memories and the manner of our Premier League title wins and the battles we   ve had with Liverpool and, last year, Arsenal, underlined our collective desire and mentality to be the best. "Manchester City will forever be a huge and happy part of my life." feed Club director Txiki Begiristain added: "Riyad has been a major factor in our amazing successes over the past five years and his contribution will not be forgotten. He is a wonderful footballer to watch and leaves us with so many great memories. "There are few wingers that possess his levels of skill and technique in world football, and he will be missed, but everyone will wish him all the best as he begins a new chapter in his career." 90min previously revealed that Mahrez was hurt by his omission from both the Champions League and FA Cup finals, having previously proven to Pep Guardiola his worth in big games. Instead, he had a watching brief as City went on to win both finals, winning a famous treble after wrapping up the Premier League title ahead of Arsenal. Mahrez will link up with Edouard Mendy and Roberto Firmino at Al Ahli, with a move for Newcastle winger Allan Saint-Maximin also in the pipeline.