Yves Bissouma has opened up on the reasons why he decided to join Tottenham Hotspur. The Mali midfielder has been heavily courted by Aston Villa in recent months, while other members of the Premier League's 'big six' have also kept tabs on him. But Spurs stole a march on their rivals and swiftly agreed terms with Brighton over a transfer this week, confirming the deal on Friday afternoon. In his first interview with Tottenham's club channels, Bissouma spoke of how grateful he was to sign for a 'big club' following a tough upbringing and revealed his excitement to play Champions League football. "I'm born in the Ivory Coast...when I was young, football was my life. I wanted to play football every day, every moment, if I don't play football I'm not happy," Bissouma began. "To be a footballer, a professional, to be at Spurs, a big club...it gives me some sensations, you know? "My dad and mum are here and they helped me as well. They helped me a lot. It was really hard because in Africa we don't have the opportunity like here. For example, when I was younger, my dad and my mum worked to help us but if you want to play football, they don't have money to buy a ball for you or shoes. We were just playing on the streets with friends with no shoes. "But I enjoyed this moment because I was young and my friends were as well, so it's a part of my life I was happy for because this memory, I'm like...I've come so far. "To be here in London with Spurs, to hear Champions League music - imagine! It is too much emotion. I just say thank you to God." Listen now to 90min's Tottenham podcast, Oh What a Night, with Sean Walsh and Jude Summerfield. On this week's episode, the pair look back at Spurs' 2021/22 season and choose their player of the year. He added: "It's my dream to play in the Champions League. When I was younger, I remember watching Champions League every day. I can't believe [I will get to] play in the Champions League with Spurs. "I'm going to try to help the team. We have a good group and a good coach as well - he's a great coach, everyone knows him. I know he's going to help me more to be what I want to be and to try and help the team as well.