Liverpool are believed to be preparing an offer of around    40m ( £34.4m) for Atletico Madrid midfielder Saul Niguez, with both the Spanish club and the player open to a potential transfer.  It's well noted that the Reds are in need of some reinforcements in the middle of the park this summer after the departure of Georginio Wijnaldum. There were some reports that they wouldn't look to replace him and instead promote from within, but the noise coming from Anfield suggests they are looking to recruit a new midfielder.  They have been linked with a cabal of potential Wijnaldum replacements, ranging from Youri Tielemans to Renato Sanches via Hoffenheim's Christoph Baumgartner. But one rumour which seems to have gathered some momentum recently is that of Atletico Madrid star Saul.  News of Liverpool's interest first emerged from Spain earlier this week, with La Razon vaguely claiming that Liverpool were looking at Saul, and that Atleti were prepared to talk.   But the story has now been taken a step further by AS, who claim that Liverpool are now 'preparing a bid' in the region of    40m for the 26-year-old.  It's understood that the La Liga champions are looking for a bit more than the reported fee on the table for Saul, but the days in which they could command close to    100m for his services have been and gone. While he played a part in their famous title win last season, his stock has fallen with some inconsistent performances, and he was even left out of the Spain squad for this summer's Euros.  Should he stay, he will have a role to play under Diego Simeone. But his gametime dropped dramatically last season, and with the imminent arrival of Rodrigo De Paul from Udinese, he has a battle on his hands to hold onto a first-team spot.  Throwback to this Sa  l     guez solo effort...Not many people can stroll through a Bayern Munich team ?pic.twitter.com/G39lykyHpo All that taken into consideration, Saul himself feels it may be time to move on, and believes the Premier League could be an exciting next step. 