Manchester United defender Timothy Fosu-Mensah has completed his transfer to Bayer Leverkusen after passing a routine medical with the Bundesliga side. The move brings Fosu-Mensah   s time as a United player to an end after nearly seven years, having first joined the club   s academy from Ajax at the age of 16. He played 30 times for the first-team and had loan spells at Crystal Palace and Fulham, the latter of which was wrecked by injury. Fosu-Mensah recently rejected a new contract at Old Trafford, ensuring he would have become a free agent and been released in the summer. Instead, United have opted to sell him this month and will pocket a  £1.5m fee that has been agreed with Leverkusen. The player himself has signed a three-year deal in Germany until 2024. In a club statement, Manchester United said: "Manchester United defender Tim Fosu-Mensah has completed a permanent move to Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee. Goodbye and good luck, @TFosuMensah     thank you for everything    #MUFC "The 23-year-old will embark on a fresh chapter of his career in the Bundesliga after agreeing terms and passing his medical with the team currently sitting in third place in the German top flight. "In total, the versatile defender made 30 appearances for United, and everybody at the club would like to wish him the very best of luck with his future career." After recovering from the knee injury he suffered on loan at Fulham, Fosu-Mensah made his first United appearance in more than three years when he started against previous loan club Palace in the Premier League during    Project Restart   . ? TRANSFER NEWS ? Timothy Fosu-Mensah has joined Bayer 04 from Manchester United. Welcome to the Werkself, Timothy! pic.twitter.com/L8amR13jxJ He played in each of the final three league games of the season, was utilised in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley and twice during the delayed conclusion to the Europa League campaign. Fosu-Mensah even started United   s Premier League opener this season in place of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who was unavailable following a summer trip to Dubai, but his only further appearances since then have been as a substitute in two Champions League defeats.