Frank Lampard hasn't yet been confirmed as the new manager of Everton, although 90min understands that he has been offered the chance to succeed Rafa Benitez. An announcement could be made shortly, after Lampard saw off competition from Vitor Pereira and Duncan Ferguson for the role, but that hasn't stopped the rumour mill from going into overdrive about the signings he may wish to make between now and Monday's transfer deadline. Central midfield is thought to be the primary area of concern at Goodison Park. Abdoulaye Doucoure and Fabian Delph are injured, and the Toffees have generally been overrun in the middle of the park during their recent slump in form     a slump that has seen them drop to 16th in the table, just four points above the relegation zone. But rumour has it that three midfield targets are on Lampard's mind... Manchester United midfielder Donny van de Beek has been sitting on the sidelines doing not very much for far too long. The Dutchman is fed up at Old Trafford and it finally looks as though he'll be allowed out on loan to play regular first team football. 90min understands that United's only demand is that all of his wages are covered in full, in addition to paying a loan fee     there will be no request for an option or obligation to buy. Crystal Palace are hoping to convince him to move to Selhurst Park on loan, but Everton are firmly in the mix after tracking him for a number of months. The 24-year-old now has a decision to make, knowing wherever he goes could kickstart a career that has been stalling ever since he departed Ajax for a fee of  £35m. Similarly, Dele Alli's once blossoming career at Tottenham is stalling and it's abundantly clear that he needs a change of scenery. The Sun report that he's Lampard primary target, though whether or not he chooses to pursue a deal could come down to the formation he implements at Goodison Park. Lampard tended to operate with a 4-3-3 formation at Chelsea, although he sometimes dabbled with 4-2-3-1 and 3-4-2-1 systems depending on the situation of games.  Alli is a player who excels in a shadow striker role, playing just behind a lone striker with the ability to run in behind the defence, but his presence in the team could compromise the talented Richarlison. That is unless he's happy to return to the left wing, allowing Alli to drop in behind Dominic Calvert-Lewin. The final player heavily linked with a move to Everton is Ruben Loftus-Cheek, who previously worked with Lampard at Chelsea. The 26-year-old has started just seven Premier League games this season, amid fierce competition for places from the likes of N'Golo Kante, Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic and Saul.