Julian Araujo   s move from LA Galaxy to Barcelona has fallen through after FIFA confirmed the documentation for the transfer was filed too late. Despite both teams filing an appeal for the deal, the global football organization denied the case.   On Thursday, Barcelona director of football Mateu Alemany confirmed a 'system error' caused his club to miss the midnight deadline at the end of the transfer window by a matter of just 18 seconds.   A FIFA spokesperson reaffirmed the situation.   "FIFA can confirm that the transfer of the player Julian Araujo from LA Galaxy to FC Barcelona was not completed in line with the applicable regulations," they told ESPN.   Tuesday was the final of the January transfer window in the majority of European leagues and Barca can now not sign anyone else until the summer. Barcelona wants LA Galaxy right-back Julian Araujo. The La Liga club previously submitted a second bid for the player, requesting a one-year loan spell with an obligatory purchase option if certain goals are met, 90min sources confirmed. The move would have seen Araujo replace Hector Bellerin, who has joined Sporting CP.   Sources added that Araujo strongly pushed for a move to Barcelona, speaking to the Galaxy on the situation. He also previously affirmed his desire to move abroad in an exclusive interview with 90min.      I definitely want to go to Europe. It   s my dream. My goal is to go to Europe. I want to reach my highest potential and I feel like going to Europe is going to help me do that,    he said to 90min.      I   m someone that wants to learn everyday, someone that takes advice from everybody, that wants to learn. I know, like I said, to reach my highest potential I need to go play in the best, the top leagues.    Barcelona is not the first European team to come close to signing the player. He was previously targeted by Porto, Sevilla and  Rennes during the summer window, given his 2022 MLS campaign.   Sources added that in the case that Galaxy do not sell Araujo to Barcelona, the MLS team will offload the player in the Summer window.