Paris Saint-Germain are confident that they will finally be able to get a loan deal for Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli over the line this month. After seeing Dele tumble down the pecking order earlier in the year, PSG pushed to sign the Englishman during the summer, only to see their advances met with fierce resistance from Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. Since then, however, the midfielder's situation has not improved. He is yet to see his second Premier League start of the season and has played just eight minutes of football in the competition since early October. For months, PSG have been tipped to reignite their pursuit of Dele, and the arrival of former Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino at the Parc des Princes has only added fuel to the fire. According to The Telegraph, PSG believe the Argentine's presence could be what it takes to get this deal done. Spurs are reluctant to part ways with Dele, which was made evident by recent reports suggesting any form of January move has already been ruled out, but PSG believe that Spurs would be open to the idea of letting Dele reunite with Pochettino in an attempt to rejuvenate his stalling career. Under Pochettino, Dele blossomed into one of the most exciting young midfielders in world football. He was widely accepted as a vital part of England's future, and Spurs are obviously keen to see him hit those heights as well. Spurs are aware that Pochettino would treat Dele well and would give him all the help he needs to get back to his best, and Jose Mourinho is ready to give the green light to Dele's exit in an attempt to help him rediscover his confidence. A positive next six months would reopen the door to the Spurs first team for Dele, but at the very least, it would see him bump up his transfer value ahead of a possible permanent exit next summer. The newest member - ???????? ??????????! ?#ASSEPSG pic.twitter.com/p1pBo3eMX0 Dele remains under contract until 2024 and there has rarely been any suggestion that Spurs are ready to offload him permanently, but there is an awareness that having such a valuable player on the periphery of the squad is a bit pointless.