With opportunities in the Liverpool first team at a premium, Rhian Brewster dropped down to the Championship in January as he joined Swansea City on loan. The 20-year-old   s incredible run of form saw him notch a goal every other game in his 22 appearances, helping propel the Swans from mid-table into an unlikely play-off place. Not only were the youngster   s goalscoring stats impressive, his overall play was also a key component in Steve Cooper   s side   s end-of-season flourish - with his intense work rate and high-pressing game becoming a feature of their play. Liverpool youngster Rhian Brewster's record on loan in the Championship this season ?2     £2     £ games1     £1     £ goalsWhat a talent ? pic.twitter.com/6zXx3G1TF0 After just half a season cutting his teeth in the second tier, the Liverpool man already looks destined for bigger and better things.  However, with Roberto Firmino a mainstay in Jurgen Klopp   s starting XI, Brewster may again find himself seeking a temporary home, and there should be no end of Premier League clubs looking to offer him a foothold in England   s top tier. Let   s take a look at the clubs who should be monitoring the youngster and could benefit from taking the England Under-21 international on loan this summer. 90min exclusively revealed recently that newly-promoted Leeds are interested in signing Girona forward Cristhian Stuani. While the former Middlesbrough man is a perfect fit for Marcelo Bielsa, a commanded fee of at least  £20m represents a significant outlay for a player set to turn 34 in October.Brewster would offer similar qualities to the Uruguay international including a good work rate and clinical finishing, though a loan move would afford Leeds the chance to use their summer budget to strengthen in other areas.Bielsa   s use of the loan market last season was a huge factor in the Whites    promotion     with Ben White and Jack Harrison proving instrumental     and the signing of Brewster could be yet another masterstroke. Despite another solid Premier League campaign, it   s clear to see where Roy Hodgson needs to improve if his Crystal Palace side are to push on.A measly return of just 31 goals in 38 league games     a total only bottom club Norwich City failed to surpass     is far from impressive from a team looking to ensure survival struggles are a thing of the past.While Hodgson seems desperate to find a big man to act as a foil for the Eagles    flying wingers, the fine form of Jordan Ayew saw him rack up more appearances and more goals than any other Palace player last campaign.Brewster is never going to be a Christian Benteke-like focal point, but if Hodgson is looking for backup for Ayew then the Liverpool man could be just the type of player he needs.The 20-year-old would also add some much-needed youth to an ageing Palace side. At 29 years and 336 days the Eagles fielded the oldest average starting XI in the 2019/20 campaign, something which Hodgson will know needs to be addressed.  Another side whose Achilles Heel was finding the back of the net.It seems wrong to criticise a team that finished ninth in their first year back in the top flight, but Chris Wilder   s side scored less than relegated Bournemouth last season and he   ll be looking to improve on their 39 goals next campaign.No Sheffield United player managed more than six in all competitions in 2019/20, and Brewster   s eye for goal could be just what Wilder needs should he feel the need to bolster his forward options.While all of the Blades strikers offer industry and work rate, Billy Sharp is the only one who you would class as a clinical finisher. At 34, the club captain is rumoured to be heading for pastures new this summer, and Brewster could be the perfect replacement.