Borussia Dortmund have put a premium price tag on the head of superstar striker Erling Haaland, who is wanted by Manchester City, Chelsea, Manchester United and Real Madrid this summer, which replicates the same hard-line stance the Bundesliga took over Jadon Sancho last year. Haaland has proved so far in 2020/21 that he is no one-season wonder by scoring 33 goals in 31 appearances across all competitions, taking his tally for both Dortmund and Red Bull Salzburg since the start of last season to a phenomenal 77. He won   t even turn 21 until July. That current output combined with his long-term potential to be the best player in the world in the near future has made the Norwegian one of the hottest commodities in world football, even in a depressed transfer market feeling the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. 90min has previously revealed that Manchester City consider themselves favourites to sign Haaland, with a feeling among his suitors that he is already prepared to move on from Dortmund. City are prioritising a striker, even above a pursuit of Lionel Messi, but there is stiff competition. Chelsea, despite investing over  £120m in Timo Werner and Kai Havertz alone last summer, are very keen on Haaland as well and sources have confirmed they have a deal ready to offer him. Manchester United were trying to sign Haaland before he chose Dortmund and their interest in the youngster has been rekindled in a big way in recent weeks. Real Madrid have also got eyes on him as they plan how to rebuild a new squad at the Bernabeu. Haaland does have a release clause in his Dortmund contract set at an estimated    75m ( £64.2m). But that capped figure is not going to become active until the summer of 2022, meaning there is no ceiling on what Dortmund can demand until that time. According to ESPN, Dortmund have set Haaland   s price tag this summer at    180m ( £154m). That would match the deal that took Kylian Mbappe from Monaco to Paris Saint-Germain in 2018, which remains the second most expensive transfer in history behind only Neymar to PSG in 2017. Asking a premium to ward off suitors now is a way that Dortmund can get him to stay for one more season, because a departure when the    75m clause does come into play is almost inevitable. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) It appears to be a repeat of the same firm stance that Dortmund took over Jadon Sancho last summer when they quoted    120m for Manchester United and refused to compromise.