Eintracht Frankfurt CEO Axel Hallmann has insisted that Bayern Munich target Randal Kolo Muani will cost more than    90m in the transfer market this summer.  The emerging France international has enjoyed a breakout 2022/23 campaign at both club and international level, impressing at the World Cup - his miss in the final against Argentina aside - and scoring 21 goals in all competitions for Frankfurt.  These performance have, as expected, caught the eye of a number of clubs throughout Europe. 90min understands that Kolo Muani has attracted interest from Napoli, Barcelona, Newcastle, Atletico Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester United and Bayern Munich in recent months.  It is Bayern who are firmly the frontrunners to sign the striker however. 90min reported last week that the Bavarians had held talks with the player's representatives over a potential move, viewing Kolo Muani as the ideal replacement for Robert Lewandowski - who left the club last summer. They have even backed away from long-term target Harry Kane in preference for the 24-year-old Frenchman. feed Since Lewandowski left, Bayern have been forced to play Sadio Mane out of position as a striker or utilise veteran former Stoke player Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting as their starting number nine - something which is far from ideal.  In light of Bayern's interest, Eintracht chief Hellmann was asked about Kolo Muani's future, and quoted the huge transfer fee that would be required to sign him.    Kolo Muani? When I look at the international market, I imagine a different number than    90m - more than this. He has a long-term deal. My absolutely ideal scenario would be that he stays with Eintracht," Hellmann explained.  That statement backs up a recent report from 90min that Frankfurt have no intention of selling their prized asset during the summer. Sources have additionally now confirmed that Bayern are not keen on spending upwards of    100m on the striker, but talks over a potential transfer are still ongoing.  LISTEN NOW