The agent of Manchester City striker Erling Haaland has confessed plans are already being drawn up for the Norway international's eventual departure from the Etihad, talking up a move to Real Madrid in the process. Haaland joined City in the summer and has been typically prolific, scoring 33 goals in as many games, but those around him have consistently flirted with the idea of a short stay in Manchester to allow the 22-year-old to test himself in as many different leagues as possible. Real Madrid were keen on Haaland before he moved to England and are widely accepted to be among the leading candidates to sign the striker when he does eventually leave, with Haaland's father admitting they saw Los Blancos are their third-best option behind City and Bayern Munich. Agent Rafaela Pimenta has added fuel to the fire of a possible move to Real for Haaland, admitting the Santiago Bernabeu outfit offer a unique appeal that cannot be found in the Premier League.    There is the Premier League. And there is Real Madrid. And Real Madrid has something of its own that makes it the Dreamland for the players," Pimenta said at the FT Business of Football summit. "Madrid keeps this magic going. It doesn   t have the league competition but it does have the Champions League.    READ NEXT manual Pimenta went on to continue the narrative that Haaland's stay with City may not be a lengthy one, confessing that her agency are already working on a long-term plan for the striker's future.    In my agency we try to make a plan," Pimenta explained. "We have to make a plan. We need to have a goal. Maybe we won   t achieve it but if don   t know where we   re going for sure we don   t get there. "When we have a player, we make plans. Even if the player is 15 years old. We are planning out his career trajectory. When I started in this business, if I would say to a player    I'll bring you to England    the first thing they would say would be    what did I do wrong? Why don   t you like me?    "But now, if I ask a player    what is your goal?    he will say the Premier League. He doesn   t say City, Chelsea or Arsenal but the Premier League." Pimenta continued:    The day the market [transfer window] finishes is the day I start visiting clubs to talk about players, to see what may be in the future. We are in February, I have already been to rounds of clubs four times this year. "There are so many different clubs, we can be studying, who   s going to retire, who   s getting old, who   s injured, who   s doing bad. Maybe this will happen there. It   s like a chess game and you try to anticipate the next move.   