Exclusive - David Silva and Kepa Arrizabalaga could leave Manchester City and Chelsea this summer, with La Liga outfit Valencia looking to bring the duo to the Mestalla stadium. The Spaniards have both been linked with moves away from their respective clubs this season, with Silva coming to the end of his current contract with Man City, and Kepa's reputation suffering a terrible beating following a dreadful 12 months with the Blues.   With their futures both up in the air, 90min can exclusively reveal that Valencia are lining up offers for the Premier League pair, as they aim to revolutionise their squad ahead of the 2020/21 campaign. In fact, the club has placed their entire playing staff on the transfer list after a dismal season, meaning a major upheaval is in the offing.  Silva's contract at the Etihad is set to expire shortly, and the Spaniard is considering his options for next year. The 34-year-old is dreaming of a return to the club where it all began - Valencia. The former Spain international came through los Murcelagos' academy as a youngster, and made over 150 appearances for the first-team over a four-year spell.  As previously reported by 90min however, another alternative is to remain in Manchester for an extra year, and the club have offered the midfielder a one-year extension should he fail to land his preferred move.  Silva has spent the past ten years with Man City, where he has grown to become a true club legend, guiding the Citizens to four Premier League titles, and a plethora of domestic trophies. But the Spaniard feels that his time at the Etihad has reached an end, and the Sky Blues have accepted his decision to leave in good faith.  While Silva's move to Valencia is fuelled by romance, Kepa's switch may arise through necessity. It's no secret that the Chelsea goalkeeper has struggled at Stamford Bridge this season, but his worrying displays of inadequacy have left coach Frank Lampard with little option other than to consider a replacement.  As for Valencia, this position remains a key area to strengthen in the summer transfer window. Jasper Cillessen has failed to live up to expectations following his move from Barcelona a year ago, and los Murcelagos are already prepared to cut their losses on the Dutchman.  In fact, the Spanish side have told the Blues they are willing to take Kepa off their hands, albeit there remains a major snag in this potential transfer.  The main problem lies within the finances of the deal. The 25-year-old arrived for a record fee only two years ago, and the demand for new goalkeepers among clubs with the required resources is scarce. 