Manchester United need to keep the momentum going this summer if they are to build on the 2020/21 campaign next summer. The team has clearly vastly improved over the last 12 months but is equally not the finished product and still requires targeted additions to strengthen     notably a centre-back, right winger and striker. Arrivals in central midfield and at right-back would also be good, perhaps even a new goalkeeper depending on what decision is made on the future of David de Gea, but the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic still makes it questionable if the budget this summer will stretch to cover the three priority positions, let alone further new faces. An equally important part of rebuilding is knowing when to get rid of deadwood and when certain players have filled their purpose and can give no more to the cause. David de Gea (SELL): Aside from occasional flashes of his former self, De Gea   s dip in form since 2018 hasn   t showed long-term signs of improvement and now, after a decade of loyal service, could be the time to cash in - as gut wrenching as it may be. He now has a child in Spain and a return home should Atletico Madrid be in the market for a new goalkeeper might suit all parties. Dean Henderson (KEEP): If De Gea goes, the ideal scenario is that Henderson is promoted to number one, although he still has plenty to prove at the very highest level. It would be a tremendous show of faith, with United not having had a home-grown regular number one in 70 years. Sergio Romero (RELEASE): Out of contract in the summer and with no future in Manchester after being treated quite poorly by the club last year, Romero will leave as a free agent. He is likely to be replaced by returning veteran Tom Heaton. Lee Grant (RELEASE): Grant   s future could all depend on how United play out the situation with De Gea and Henderson. At 38, it would not come as a surprise if he retired this summer and is kept on in some form of coaching capacity. Nathan Bishop (KEEP): It was telling how popular Bishop is within the squad when he signed a new contract in January by the reaction from his teammates. He is a full-time member of the first-team for training purposes, rather than an Under-23 player. Joel Castro Pereira (RELEASE): Soon to be 25, out of contract in June, and unable to establish himself at a string of loan clubs over the past few seasons, the time has come to bid farewell to Pereira. Harry Maguire (KEEP): Needs a new long-term partner to bring the best out of him and complement his skillset, but Maguire is a tremendously important piece of this developing team and it showed massively when he missed the end of the campaign injured. Victor Lindelof (KEEP): Even though he won   t be a regular starter any longer if a new centre-back arrives at expected, Lindelof is still a valuable asset to have in the squad.  Eric Bailly (SELL): Even though he signed a new contract, Eric Bailly has publicly warned that he won't be satisfied with a back-up role next season. It is hard to imagine that will be possible if United are successful in signing another centre-back. However, he should stay if they don't get someone else. Axel Tuanzebe (KEEP): Tuanzebe probably hasn   t played as much this season as he, Solskjaer or fans would have hoped - especially after pocketing Kylian Mbappe in the Champions League back in October. Next season could be his last chance to prove himself. Phil Jones (SELL): If he can get fit, United should be able to sell Jones this summer because Newcastle, West Ham, Leicester, Southampton, Crystal Palace, Burnley, Sheffield United and Celtic were showing interest in him as recently as December 2020. Teden Mengi (KEEP): Teenage centre-back Mengi is incredibly highly rated by United and spent the second half of this season gaining invaluable experience on loan at Derby. Another loan would be possible, but there could be an opportunity to establish himself as the fourth centre-back. Aaron Wan-Bissaka (KEEP): There are aspects of his game that need work, notably his awareness and man-marking in the penalty area, but Wan-Bissaka is arguably the best one-on-one defender in the Premier League, perhaps in Europe, and is still only 23. Luke Shaw (KEEP): It has been remarkable how Shaw has resurrected his United career this season and is playing perhaps the best football of his life. He looks fit and sharp and has even played his way back into the England squad.  Alex Telles (KEEP): A good signing last autumn if even just for the impact his arrival had on Shaw in terms of creating genuine competition for places. Telles is still an invaluable rotation option and depth has been shown to be absolutely crucial. Brandon Williams (LOAN): His second season in the first-team has been much tougher than his first as a result of increased competition for places and some off-field problems. Needs regular football and a loan at a middling Premier League side could offer that. Diogo Dalot (KEEP): It wasn   t entirely clear why Dalot was frozen out by Solskjaer last season and his form for AC Milan on loan has shown that he still has potential to be a top player. United could end up lacking full-back depth in 2021/22, so bringing him back would make a lot of sense. Paul Pogba (KEEP): It will either be a new long-term contract or a transfer for Pogba this summer as his current deal runs out in 2022. With the market depressed, a new contract is the more likely of those two options. But the important thing is that Pogba looks much happier than he was in 2019 because he is finally playing in a good United team that stands a chance of matching his ambitions. Scott McTominay (KEEP): It is easy to see McTominay becoming a vice-captain in the future, having worn the armband for the first time in January and increasing his leadership role in the squad. He   s now 24 and this has been his best season by far. Fred (KEEP): Probably won   t be a long-term regular starter if United are able to add extra quality to central midfield, whether in 2021 or 2022 depending on budgets, but Fred has again shown his worth this season and will remain a valuable part of the squad. Nemanja Matic (SELL): Matic has increasingly been a bit-part player this season and, even though he has a contract until 2023, could move on this summer. His name has been brought up in conversations with West Ham relating to a possible Declan Rice approach. James Garner (KEEP): Solskjaer is a big fan of Garner, having likened the youngster to Michael Carrick in the past, and could be ready to hand the 20-year-old some more opportunities after a season of regular first-team football on loan at Watford and Nottingham Forest. Andreas Pereira (SELL): United certainly won   t get the    27m ( £23.4m) option to buy written into Pereira   s loan deal with Lazio as nearly all of his Serie A appearances have been off the bench. But there is no future for him at Old Trafford. Bruno Fernandes (KEEP): Almost 30 goals this season on top of 12 last season tells its own story. Fernandes hasn   t just brought his own quality to United, he has lifted the whole squad and is demanding more of his teammates than they were previously giving. Donny van de Beek (KEEP): United haven   t seen the best of Van de Beek this season and the Dutchman has had even less of a chance as time has gone on. There would be no point selling him for a cash loss so soon, although the club is willing to explore the possibility of at least using him as a makeweight in potential transfer dealings, specifically with Borussia Dortmund. Juan Mata (RELEASE): Mata's future is in his own hands this summer and it would be understandable if he wants to go after playing relatively little football in 2020/21. There is an option to extend his expiring contract by a year but it will be the player's choice. Jesse Lingard (SELL): The right thing to do by Lingard is to sell him. He has thrived on loan at West Ham and would be back to square one if he returned to Old Trafford because it could only ever be as a squad player at best. At least he has created a decent market for himself. Marcus Rashford (KEEP): Rashford has answered his    stick to the football    critics by scoring 20 goals in all competitions for the second season in a row and there are suggestions that he hasn   t even been fully fit for some time. Should reach 100 United goals next season. Anthony Martial (KEEP): If United are successful in landing a new striker this summer, and it remains an if because of the uncertainties in the market, next season could prove to be Martial   s last because his starting place would almost certainly be gone. He has been poor in 2020/21 after a breakout campaign last year and needs to prove himself all over again. Mason Greenwood (KEEP): Greenwood will learn from his experiences this season, both on and off the pitch, and can use what has been a tough campaign to grow and develop. Getting back among the goals will be his primary focus for 2021/22. Edinson Cavani (KEEP): The veteran Uruguayan has been a revelation since moving to Old Trafford, despite what was clearly a panic signing when it was done on deadline day in October. He has agreed a one-year extension to his deal and his influence on others is a huge added bonus. Daniel James (KEEP): To put it bluntly, James played far too much during his debut season because of a lack of better options. He was never intended to feature so often and has looked far more effective as a rotation player in his second year. Amad Diallo (KEEP): United fans will want to see more of Amad next season after catching a few glimpses of the talented teenager in his first few months at the club. Shola Shoretire (KEEP): If Shoretire plays in ten or 15 first-team games next season, bearing in mind he won   t turn 18 until February, it would be a successful year and will aid his development. Anthony Elanga (KEEP): The young Swede became a familiar part of the first-team squad towards the end of the season and marked his full Premier League debut against Wolves with a goal after just 13 minutes. Facundo Pellistri (KEEP): The young Uruguayan winger was unlucky that he contracted coronavirus around the same time as he might have been in line for a first-team debut. Pellistri ended up joining Alaves on loan and has been starting in La Liga since early March.