Barcelona are said to have 'enquired' about Tottenham pair Tanguy Ndombele and Ryan Sessegnon, as the Catalan giants eye more exchange deals this summer. Ndombele has endured a difficult first season in north London, with it even being suggested numerous times that his relationship with boss Jose Mourinho has broken down. Indeed, Mourinho has publicly criticised him in recent months, while the midfielder has played just 19 minutes of league football since the resumption of play. As for Sessegnon, he too has struggled to make much of an impression during his first season with the club. The youngster has made just six league appearances in total in 2019/20 - and hasn't even played a single minute since the restart. In fact, he hasn't even made the bench for Spurs' last two games, despite being fully fit.  The Evening Standard now report that Barcelona have approached Tottenham regarding the possibility of signing Ndombele and Sessegnon - but will only make a move if the north Londoners are willing to accept player-plus-cash deals.  It is noted that Mourinho has blocked Bar  a's approach for Sessegnon as he sees him as a left-back with great potential. But the youngster is 'puzzled' and 'frustrated' by his current lack of playing time and, as a result, he is 'unwilling' to spend another season watching on from the sidelines - especially with the European Championships being pushed back.  With regards to Ndombele, there has been much talk about his future in recent weeks and months, with Barcelona continuing to show an interest. However, Spurs are currently 'unwilling' to discuss a move.  Should Spurs prove unwilling to part ways with him permanently, Bar  a are also considering a loan move.  Mourinho still doesn't start Ndombele. ? pic.twitter.com/swQjkIPrsj It has been reported that Ndombele is 'determined to leave' the club after his falling out with Mourinho, despite Daniel Levy's best efforts to convince him to stay.  The usual names of Nelson Semedo, Ivan Rakitic, Samuel Umtiti and Philippe Coutinho are once again  mentioned as being free to leave Barcelona when the transfer window opens, and the Catalan club could use some of these players to make a potential deal sweeter for Spurs. 