Watford winger Ismaila Sarr has insisted he is happy to play for the club in the Championship next season, although also remains open to a transfer if the situation comes about, having been linked with the likes of Liverpool and Manchester United. Having announced himself internationally with an impressive 2018 World Cup for Senegal, Sarr joined Watford from French club Rennes for around  £30m last summer. Despite relegation, the young talent was a bright light for the Hornets in an otherwise disappointing season. Watford have valued Sarr in excess of  £40m if they are to sell him, with Wolves, Crystal Palace and others from Spain and Germany believed to hold interest.    I still have years of contract with Watford, another four years,    the player said in an interview with Les Echos.     If Watford wants me to stay, I'll play in the Championship;  my departure also depends on them.  This is what is most normal for me.    Sarr hinted that while he is not actively pushing to leave Vicarage Road and is happy to play in the second tier if Watford don   t sell him, he wouldn   t rule out an exit if an opportunity arises. For now, however, there don   t seem to be any concrete offers on the table.    I have the same level of information as everyone else about these transfer rumours.  Every day, like everyone else, I hear I'm going to play for Liverpool, Manchester United etc. But really, for the moment, we have not yet discussed it internally,    Sarr explained.    I admit that there are other agents who talk to me about proposals from important teams, but for the moment, I remain quiet in my corner. I continue my work and rest. My agent and my team will take care of it.  Because whatever happens, you need the backing of the club.    He would be honoured to join Liverpool, a team he tore apart in a shock Watford victory over the Reds in February, but isn   t ruling out anyone as long as it is a positive step in his career.    Liverpool are a really great team, everyone would love to play there.  They won the Premier League this year and the Champions League last year,    he said.    But there are [other] great teams in the English league.  Frankly, I have yet to make a choice.  If that were to happen, I just wish they were a good team.  At the moment, there are only guesses.    Maybe if Watford frees me one day I could go and play for a bigger team.  Go and showcase my talent elsewhere and then win trophies.