Real Madrid have suffered a devastating blow on the eve of the new La Liga season, losing their goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois to an anterior cruciate ligament injury. The Belgian colossus has been pivotal to Madrid's success in recent years and Carlo Ancelotti hasn't had to think twice about who to start between the sticks. Courtois has been one of the world's leading shot-stoppers and his absence will be sorely felt by the Spanish side next season. Ancelotti needs a replacement for his number one, and has looked towards his old club Chelsea for a solution. Madrid have expressed their interest in taking Blues goalkeeper Kepa on loan for next season, a deal which Chelsea may be willing to sanction given their recent acquisition of Robert Sanchez. Here's why Real Madrid want Kepa at the Bernabeu. Considering Real Madrid will be relying on Andriy Lunin in their season opener against Athletic Club, Kepa's experience and quality would be a welcome addition to Los Blancos' squad. The Spanish stopper managed 39 appearances after reclaiming his starting spot from Edouard Mendy at Chelsea last year, including two encounters with Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals. Kepa performed admirably given the criticism he has received in previous seasons, establishing himself as the club's guaranteed number one. Kepa ranked in the top 24% of Premier League goalkeepers for saves (3.16), save percentage (73.3%) and goals against (1.16) per 90 last campaign. He also boasted a +0.18 rate when it came to post-shot expected goals  minus goals conceded, suggesting that Kepa was performing significantly above average in terms of his shot-stopping. His ability and competence outside of his own penalty area could also be crucial for Madrid. He ranked in the top 17% of Premier League goalkeepers for number of defensive actions per 90 outside of his box (1.82), showcasing his quality in sweeping up opposition balls over the top. While not as significant in an Ancelotti team, it will still allow Madrid to press higher up the pitch, knowing Kepa can sniff out danger when direct balls are played in behind the defence.  Overall, Kepa provides Madrid with a cost-effective and experienced option. Add this to the fact that he is Spanish and knows La Liga intimately, and it seems like something of a no-brainer for Madrid, especially if they are only exploring a loan deal. Club Appearances Saves Save percentage Clean sheets Chelsea 162 379 69.4% 57 Athletic Club 54 134 67.7% 15 Real Valladolid 40 161 77.8% 12 Ponferradina 19 51 72.9% 8 *All stats courtesy of FBref feed Despite having initially prioritised a move for Sevilla goalkeeper Yassine Bounou, the asking price for the Moroccan appears to be a stumbling block stopping the deal from progressing. Attention has therefore turned to Kepa, who has also interested Bayern Munich, but Real Madrid don't want to rush into making a signing given the multitude of options potentially available to them. Kepa, however, is under serious consideration, with Courtois set for a long spell on the sidelines. At present, Madrid are said to only be interested in loaning the 28-year-old from Chelsea, although such a deal could have an option to buy or mandatory buy clause inserted into it. Given Chelsea's expensive pursuit of Moises Caicedo and Romeo Lavia, a permanent deal that could recoup some transfer funds may be preferential.