Manchester United striker Edinson Cavani is thought to have decided to stay at Old Trafford, allowing the club to trigger a 12-month option to extend his contract until 2022. Cavani has been big hit since his much criticised free agent arrival last October. Many questioned whether the former PSG veteran would be a success at United, but he has proven doubters wrong by scoring 12 times in all competitions and having a positive effect on his teammates. The news that he is willing to remain in Manchester comes the morning after the 34-year-old scored twice and assisted two other goals in United   s 6-2 demolition of Roma in the Europa League. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said after the game that he hoped nights like that would convince Cavani to stay amid strong interest from Argentine giants Boca Juniors. There were concerns he would leave after his own father recently claimed the player has been    uncomfortable    in England. ESPN   s Moises Llorens, who was first to reveal that Cavani was close to joining United in the days before last October   s delayed summer transfer deadline, has reported that the striker has made his mind up to stay at the club for another year. It is said that Cavani did have doubts about remaining at Old Trafford, but despite the interest from Boca Juniors, has opted to stay. His initial one-year contract contains an option to extend it into a second season. United have always been keen to keep hold of Cavani but it needed to be a mutual decision to continue. It is thought that the extension should be made    official    next week. Cavani has still never played in front of United fans at Old Trafford because the coronavirus pandemic has forced the stadium to remain closed since last March. United   s last home game of the season (15 May) falls before the next stage of restrictions being eased (17 May) when limited numbers of fans can return. That means had Cavani decided to leave this summer, he would have gone without ever experiencing the true atmosphere at Old Trafford.