The January transfer window offers clubs the chance to strengthen their squads mid season, though this season things have been a little different with the 2022 World Cup taking place just before the market opened. Every recent World Cup has led into a transfer window, but never one in the winter. And as you've heard all too often, transfers in January are a very different beast from those in the summer. It tends to be when clubs have to be more opportunistic, savvier with their negotiations, and take bigger risks on inflated prices. With the World Cup having just ended, there is a fresh focus on players who impressed in Qatar and could get an immediate reward for it for the remainder of the 2022/23 season. Here is everything you need to know about the upcoming January transfer window, including when the action will next get underway in the Premier League and what players could be on the move. As is always the case, the January transfer window opens for clubs in England and Scotland on January 1, 2023. This year, that's a Sunday. The transfer windows in Germany and France will also open on January 1, while in Spain and Italy, they will open on January 2. From January 1 onwards, clubs can sign players and get them into their squads as soon as possible as there will be games coming thick and fast. Getting a deal done early in January can be crucial. The window in the Premier League is going to slam shut on January 31 at 23:00 GMT, meaning it will be a late night for many of those working in admin roles at football clubs. 23:00 GMT is also the deadline for the EFL, whereas in Scotland they have until 23:59 GMT. Major European leagues also see the window slam shut on the same day, although in the Bundesliga it is at 17:00 GMT and in Serie A it is at 19:00 GMT. We're approaching the end of the 2023 January transfer window and a number of clubs have already made eye-watering moves to strengthen their squads. Chelsea nipped in ahead of Arsenal to sign highly rated Ukrainian youngster Mykhailo Mudryk, while Cody Gakpo's switch to Liverpool was confirmed before December was finished. The Blues have also moved to bring in Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke and Andrey Santos this month, while Arsenal signed Leandro Trossard from Brighton and Leeds splashed out big for Hoffenheim forward Georginio Rutter.