Newcastle United are narrowing down a list of Premier League targets in the hope of taking two on loan in the January transfer window, 90min understands. The Magpies have a host of targets across the top flight and Europe, and are aiming to bring in around six new players next month. Sources have told 90min that Amanda Staveley and her husband Mehrdad Ghodoussi are taking the lead on transfers, with fellow director Jamie Reuben, new transfer consultant Nick Hammond, chief scout Steve Nickson, manager Eddie Howe and his assistant Jason Tindall also providing input. However, a number of players have already told Newcastle that would only consider joining on an initial loan deal due to the club's precarious league position. Premier League rules state that clubs can only sign two players on loan from domestic rivals - Newcastle currently have zero. Newcastle are evaluating how to improve the squad and we understand that they have been offered a range of potential targets, while they are also making constant enquiries of their own. 90min understands over a dozen current Premier League players are being looked at including Ross Barkley, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Manuel Lanzini, Dele Alli, Divock Origi and Nathan Ake. Newcastle have also asked Manchester United about about the availabilities of Jesse Lingard, Anthony Martial, Nemanja Matic, Donny van de Beek and Phil Jones among others. Howe is also understood to be looking at raiding former club Bournemouth and enquiries have been made regarding Lloyd Kelly, Steve Cook and Philip Billing. Another potential issue for Newcastle has emerged in the last week in that clubs are wary of leaving themselves short within their squad should the current Covid-19 situation not improve. Chelsea's recent coronavirus outbreak - which forced them to face Wolves with a depleted squad at the weekend - could mean that Barkley and Loftus-Cheek are now off the table. However, the Premier League have confirmed that, unlike with domestic deals, there is no limit on foreign loans and so Newcastle could look abroad for more deals. Atletico Madrid star Kieran Trippier is Newcastle's main transfer target and they are ready to offer him a club-record pay packet to get him, but we understand competition for his signature is fierce with half-a-dozen Premier League clubs showing an interest. Newcastle are also looking Inter's Edin Dzeko, who has been offered to them on a potential loan deal, while Wales international Aaron Ramsey is a player Eddie Howe is a huge fan of and Juventus are ready to sell up.