Barcelona manager Xavi has admitted that it's "essential" that the club find a top-quality replacement for the departing Sergio Busquets. The 34-year-old is leaving Camp Nou 15 years after breaking into the first team as a teenager, having won 32 major honours with the club. Busquets' trophy haul includes nine La Liga titles, seven Copa del Rey triumphs and three Champions League crowns. Busquets has played over 700 games in all competitions for Barca and has been a staple of the side under Pep Guardiola, Tito Vilanova, Luis Enrique, Ernesto Valverde, Xavi and other managers. His departure will leave a huge void for Barca, who despite their abundance of quality midfielders, lack a player capable of filling Busquets' boots in the anchor role. Bayern Munich's Joshua Kimmich has been linked with a move to Camp Nou, while there's active interest in Real Sociedad midfielder Martin Zubimendi. Whatever Barca do, Xavi has admitted that the club must get their decision right if they are to continue competing for the major honours that they have won this season. "Whoever is more complete, whoever is the best pivot to replace Busquets," Xavi replied when asked how he'll replace the Spaniard. "We depend on    fair play    and the economic situation. The profile must be a very determined player, who wins duels and is intelligent. The natural substitute for Busi. feed "You have to find that piece. If we want to compete well next year, it   s essential. Busi has been fundamental to getting the Super Cup and La Liga. We have to find a very important player to replace Busquets.    Barca's precarious financial situation means a number of players will need to leave in order to facilitate incomings. Raphinha, Ferran Torres and Ansu Fati are among those who Barca could look to move on Camp Nou, while there's uncertainty over the future of Jules Kounde despite his denial of being unhappy at playing out of position. President Joan Laporta is moving heaven and earth to complete a fairytale return to Barcelona for Lionel Messi, while the club are actively engaging in talks with Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan. The 32-year-old German is available on a free transfer but isn't the same profile of player as Busquets - meaning another midfielder may still need to be targeted. Barca are also wanting to strengthen their squad with another striker and continue to show interest in another Manchester City player, Bernardo Silva.