All 20 Premier League sides have broken their club transfer records since the summer of 2016 and all those big money arrivals are still at their respective teams.  But just how have they done?  Here's each Premier League club's record signing ranked - based on value for money and performances (so far)... Seri was one of the hottest properties in Europe when he left Nice for Fulham in 2018. Despite being linked with Barcelona mere months earlier, he couldn't stop the Cottagers being relegated, before joining Galatasaray on loan. He returned this season but has been left out of the club's 25-man squad for the Premier League.  After scraping to survival in 2018/19, Newcastle smashed their transfer record to bring Joelinton over from the Bundesliga. The Brazilian scored against Spurs in his first month at the club but soon became a punchline for his poor form in front of goal. To date, he has six strikes in 51 games for the Magpies is in well out of favour following the arrival of Callum Wilson. After leaving Aston Villa for Liverpool where it didn't work out for him, Benteke signed for Crystal Palace for a club record  £32m in the summer of 2016. After a strong first season at Selhurst Park, Benteke has struggled to rediscover his Villa form... badly.The big Belgian has scored just 21 league goals in 111 games in the Premier League to date and just six across the last four seasons. Ouch. In scoring three times in 21 appearances for Porto in 2019/20, Wolves had seen enough to smash their transfer record on teenage prospect Fabio Silva. However, since joining he's been limited mainly to substitute appearances and hasn't made much of an impact. Despite his obvious talent, the fee is scarily high for a player who has barely featured at this level before. A huge (Jorge Mendes-inspired) gamble, to say the least. Sebastien Haller seemed like the perfect answer to West Ham's centre forward woes when he was signed in 2019.After reaching the Europa League semi-finals with Frankfurt the season prior, Haller joined West Ham and started well with four goals and an assist in his first seven outings. Since then though, he's lost his place to Michail Antonio and scored just eight more times in his next 34 appearances for the Hammers.The Frenchman has time on his side to get his career back on track but so far it's been another case of the Hammers' striker curse. One of England's brightest young talents, Brewster left Anfield in search of regular first-team football this summer, while Sheffield United needed to add goals to a front-line that secured a top half finish last season. it looked like a match made in heaven.However, the striker has struggled to make an impact since joining and has yet to open his account for the club in four outings. Still, his potential is clear and he's got plenty of time to climb the rankings... Arsenal beat a host of top clubs in Europe to secure the signature of Ivorian winger Nicolas Pepe for a whopping  £72m from Lille in 2019. He was expected to be a goalscoring winger who would help ease the attacking load on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. However it hasn't really worked out that way.He's since been displaced by free signing Willian so far in 2020/21 while there was even talk of an internal investigation into why he cost so much. When Valencia essentially placed their entire squad up for sale this summer, Rodrigo was one of the most wanted names. Leeds swooped in for the forward recently linked with Barcelona and secured a club-record deal. The Spain international has been relatively effective since joining Marcelo Bielsa's set up. What he's lacked in goals he's made up for with his work rate and energy but the jury is out. A double entry here, since Burnley spent a reported  £15m on both Chris Wood and Ben Gibson. Wood signed from Leeds in 2017 and has been their top goalscorer every season since joining. His physical presence up front, aerial ability and willingness to duel with a defender make him first-choice for Sean Dyche up front.At the other end of the pitch, Ben Gibson joined from Middlesbrough the following summer and has had a nightmare. He made just one appearance in the Premier League for the club in his debut season and didn't feature at all in the second campaign. He's now on loan at Championship side Norwich. Mixed bag. Germany's hottest talent since Mario Gotze, Kai Havertz lit up the Bundesliga with Bayer Leverkusen, scoring 38 goals in 87 games from midfield in his last two seasons with the club. That prompted Frank Lampard to spend big on the 21-year-old to add more firepower to his attack. He is clearly still in the adaptation process since joining the Blues, while he has often being put out of his favoured position as Lampard looks to figure out his best team. Jury's out for now but the signs are promising. A shocking first season at the club under Mauricio Pochettino and then Jose Mourinho meant Ndombele almost left the club after just one season. He fell out (publicly) with Mourinho and barely featured after lockdown in 2019/20 but has worked hard during the summer, won his place back and is now among the first names on the team sheet. Should he continue his upturn he'll go higher on this list for sure, with his attributes making him one of the best midfielders in Europe. The Premier League's expensive player ever has had moments of brilliance and moments that have been completely awful since returning to Old Trafford. Pogba has had his critics, with his antics off the field drawing more attention than his performances on it. He's won a League Cup and a Europa League trophy during his time back but has more recently been displaced from the starting lineup by Scott McTominay and Fred. His regular flirtations with Real Madrid haven't helped either.  A player so good that West Ham captain Mark Noble spoke out publicly against his sale. Diangana spent last season on loan at the Hawthorns and his partnership with Mateus Pereira saw the Baggies promoted. They spent  £18m on turning that loan move permanent and he has been a regular fixture in the side this season too. His quick feet, ability to beat a man one on one and eye for goal mean if they stay up this season he will likely have a big say in it. After initially opting to not replace club captain Vincent Kompany ahead of 2019/20, Pep Guardiola decided Ruben Dias was the man for the job this summer. A regular at Benfica for several seasons, Dias has taken to the Premier League like a duck to water. His distribution has been good and he's beginning to form a partnership with Aymeric Laporte that looks solid. It's still early days but he could be a significant signing in the years to come. After lighting up the Championship for Brentford, Neil Maupay made the jump to the Premier League with Brighton and has shone. The Frenchman scored ten Premier League goals in his debut season to help keep the Seagulls in the division, including a strike against Arsenal. For just  £20m, Brighton have a player they can rely on to find the back of the net if they create chances for him. He would be higher up if it weren't for disciplinary problems. After making the move into the striker position last season, Ollie Watkins fired Brentford to the brink of the Premier League before defeat in the playoff final. His 25 league goals were enough to convince Dean Smith to spend  £33m on the 24-year-old and he hasn't disappointed. He scored in his debut during a friendly against Manchester United and followed that up with a hat-trick against Liverpool and a brace against Arsenal. His movement and link-up with Ross Barkley and Jack Grealish means he has an outside shot of making the England squad for Euro 2020. Since joining from Bundesliga side Borussia Monchengladbach in 2018, Vestergaard has become a mainstay in Ralph Hasenhuttl's defence. His aerial prowess makes him stand out at both ends of the pitch while his distribution out of the back means he doesn't hamper Southampton's style of play. At  £22.5m he seems to be a shrewd signing in the current market. Highly rated for years as a youngster at Anderlecht, Tielemans struggled at Monaco before signing on loan for Leicester. Brendan Rodgers made the deal permanent for  £40m in the summer of 2019 and the Belgian hasn't disappointed. His ability to dictate tempo in midfield while also providing defensive protection and a goal threat make him perfect for Leicester's box-to-box role. He's taken a role of seniority in the side too and is a fan favourite. A bargain signing for  £40m considering his reputation.