Leeds United are closing in on their first major signing on the summer, after agreeing a deal around the    30m mark for Valencia forward Rodrigo. The 29-year-old Spaniard - who was once on loan at Bolton - has been plying his trade with Los Ches for the past six years, scoring 38 times in 172 La Liga appearances. Rodrigo to Leeds is here-we-go! Top deal just agreed between the two clubs for    30m + add ons to Valencia. Personal terms to be agreed on next hours. Medicals already scheduled. Bielsa is waiting for him. ?? @DiMarzio @SkySport #LUFC #transfers #Valencia Earlier this week, he was surprisingly linked with a move to Leeds - who have just returned to the Premier League after a 16-year absence - and a deal worth around    30m, potentially rising to    40m with add-ons, has sensationally now been agreed. A source has confirmed to 90min that a number of Spanish sides including Athletic Club had shown an interest, but they were not keen on meeting Valencia's asking price. Leeds    sporting director Victor Orta used his contacts to set-up the deal once they were made aware that the player would accept a move to Elland Road, and personal terms have already been agreed. It's noted that manager Marcelo Bielsa 'is already waiting' for Rodrigo, indicating that the Argentine manager is keen to get the deal over the line, and a medical will be undertaken in Spain before heading to England before the end of the month. Currently, Patrick Bamford is the Whites' lead striking option, but Leeds' return to the top flight means there's a need for additional reinforcements to be brought in. The 26-year-old did net 16 goals last season as the club won the Championship, but he's yet to get much Premier League experience under his belt following spells at Chelsea and Middlesbrough. Leeds have already completed permanent deals for Helder Costa,  Illan Meslier, Joe Gelhardt, and Cody Drameh this summer, while a loan extension for Manchester City winger Jack Harrison is already in place.