Southampton have confirmed the signing of Mohammed Salisu on a four-year deal from Real Valladolid. The 21-year-old central defender arrives at St Mary's as the club's second addition of the summer, after a superb individual season in La Liga had the rest of Europe on red alert. T  h  a  t  '  s     n  o  t     S  a  l  i  s  u  This IS Salisu!Can we have our mentions column back now, please? ? pic.twitter.com/jC4YEknoyq Southampton manager Ralph Hasenh  ttl said:    This is an important signing for us. Mohammed is a player who fits our profile well. He is young and has a great amount of potential, but he is also someone who has the qualities to come in and help the team as soon as he is up to speed with our way of playing.    I like what I have seen of him so far in his games with Valladolid. He is strong defensively, he is calm with the ball     something that is important in our team     and he has good speed too.  "I think he will fit in well with us and that this will be a good place for him to develop his game further. We have some good centre-backs here and this will be another strong option for us.    Salisu added:    It is a very good feeling to be a Southampton player. I am very happy to be part of the club and I am looking forward to starting here.  Hoy les escribo esta carta, en primer lugar para agradecerles a todos por su apoyo constante desde el primer d  a. Quiero agradecer a todos mis compa  eros, entrenadores y todo el personal de este maravilloso club.  Tambi  n quiero agradecer especialmente a mi entrenador, el t  cnico Sergio,que me ha dado la oportunidad de jugar en LALIGA a pesar de la poca experiencia.     l puso su confianza en m   y siempre estar   agradecido por cada oportunidad que me dio!  Tambi  n a mis compa  eros por empujarme y hacerme un jugador mejor y por confiar tambi  n en m   desde el primer d  a. Por supuesto tambi  n le doy muchas gracias al presidente, Ronaldo.  Para m   ha sido un sue  o jugar para alguien que ha logrado tanto en el f  tbol.  Tambi  n me gustar  a agradecer a todos los aficionados.Hab  is sido incre  bles conmigo y estoy muy agradecido por todo el cari  o que me hab  is demostrado.   Gracias por la paciencia y el   nimo!  Siempre me hab  is empujado para que mi confianza fuera alta y siempre me hicisteis sentir tan querido tanto en el campo como fuera, ahora se me ha presentado otra oportunidad y siempre ha sido mi sue  o jugar en la Premier League.  Al salir de Valladolid para seguir viviendo mis sue  os, sigo adelante con el coraz  n apesadumbrado dejando este incre  ble club.  Vine aqu   de ni  o y me voy como hombre.   Lo hago con la esperanza de que siempre me ir  is recordar como una buena persona y un aut  ntico profesional que felizmente lo dio todo por la camiseta y este gran club!  Cuando me vaya y avance hacia mi pr  ximo desaf  o, siempre te tendr   cerca de mi coraz  n y espero que 1 d  a nos volvamos a encontrar sabiendo que todos hemos hecho grandes cosas.   Muchas gracias por todo!  Aupa Pucela!!!!! ??????? A post shared by  Mohammed Salisu (@salisu_sarki) on Aug 12, 2020 at 7:45am PDT    Southampton is a club with a very rich history in developing young players, so it is a very good club for me to develop my skills and to learn a lot as a young player. I know that the team expects a lot from me and I   m going to try to give all I can to help the team.   