Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski is considering asking to leave the German champions this summer, with Paris Saint-Germain one of many sides keen to offer him a new home. The most prolific striker around these days, Lewandowski bagged his 40th goal of the Bundesliga season in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Freiburg, tying the single-season record set by the legendary Gerd Muller in 1972. ? "This is a huge honour. For me, but also for the modern history of the Bundesliga. It was a legendary record that stood for a long time. What Gerd M  ller achieved was unbelievable. I would never have thought I could have shared a record with him."#Lewy40 #4everGerd pic.twitter.com/C93AifHxhb Lewandowski's goals have helped Bayern to seven straight Bundesliga titles, and according to L'Equipe, the Pole is growing a little tired of that success and is contemplating taking up a new challenge elsewhere. Chelsea and Manchester City were recently named as possible suitors for the 32-year-old, who sees this summer as his last chance to seal a move to another top side, but PSG are now said to have thrown their hat in the ring as well. Lewandowski has now been added to PSG's shortlist of potential replacements for Kylian Mbappe, whom they desperately hope to keep but could be forced into selling if contract talks continue to drag on. With Mbappe entering the final 12 months of his deal and Real Madrid ready to pounce, PSG are considering all of their options. Liverpool's Mohamed Salah is high on the wish list, but Lewandowski is now seen as an alternative. PSG have moved for Lewandowski in the past but have consistently been shot down by the German side, whose stance that the striker is not for sale has not changed. "He will definitely stay," chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said recently. "Who sells a player who scored 60 goals every year?" It's worth noting that this report claims Lewandowski does not share that kind of certainty. He's not desperate to leave, but the chance to test himself in a new league in another elite side is appealing to him.