After a disappointing season which saw them beaten to the title by arch rivals Real Madrid, Barcelona go into an important summer in dire need of a reshuffle.  The main concern for the Blaugrana is the age of the squad, with a number of first-team players now the wrong side of 30. Here is a closer look at the Barcelona squad and whether they should be kept at the Camp Nou. Marc-Andre ter Stegen (STAY) - Since Claudio Bravo's move to Manchester City, ter Stegen has taken the number one shirt at Barcelona and established himself as one of the world's very best goalkeepers.Neto (STAY) - The former Juventus man may have made only two league appearances this season, but in Neto, Barcelona have one of the best back-up goalkeepers in the world. Inaki Pena (GO) - It will take something special for Pena to oust ter Stegen from the goalkeeping spot, and with the 21-year old's contract expiring next summer, expect Barcelona to cash in on the Spaniard. Arnau Tenas (STAY) - The 19-year old recently signed a three-year contract at the Camp Nou, with an option to extend for a further two years, so the club clearly see something in him. Nelson Semedo (STAY) - The Portuguese international may not be setting the world alight at the Camp Nou, but he did feature in 32 La Liga games last season, scoring once and assisting twice. His pace and energy is a useful asset to the team. Sergi Roberto (STAY) - Roberto may not be a superstar, but his versatility is vital to the Catalan giants. Roberto has played as a right-back, central midfielder and on the wing.Jordi Alba (STAY) - The pacy Spaniard may be getting older, but he still has plenty to offer. His bombing runs down the left and his connection with Lionel Messi are notable features of Barcelona's play.Junior Firpo (STAY) - The 23-year old will have been frustrated with his lack of game time this season. However, should he stick around for a couple more years, Firpo may find himself in the starting XI more regularly, with teammate Jordi Alba turning 31 last March.Emerson (GO) - The Brazilian right-back was supposed to stay at Real Betis on loan for the 2020/21 season, however Barcelona are expected to cancel the loan a year early and sell Emerson, with several Premier League clubs believed to be interested. Juan Miranda (GO - On loan) - Miranda failed to impress last year at Schalke, with his two-year loan being ended early. However, at just 20 years old, maybe it is too early for Barcelona to give up on him just yet. Moussa Wague (GO) - The Senegalese right-back made little impression on loan at Nice, with the French club opting not to take up the option to sign the 21-year old on a permanent basis. Wague's performances at the 2018 World Cup may give him some market value. Dani Morer (GO) - At 22 years old, Morer is yet to make an appearance for the first-team. The Barcelona B man should look elsewhere for game time.Sergio Akieme (GO) - Just like Morer, Akieme is yet to make an appearance for the Barcelona first-team, with reports suggesting that the Blaugrana are ready to offload the 22-year old.  Gerard Pique (STAY) - Despite turning 33 last February, former Manchester United defender Gerard Pique is still one of the world's best in his position, starting 43 games in all competitions.Clement Lenglet (STAY) - The Frenchman is a nailed on starter for Barcelona. Samuel Umtiti (GO) - Constant injury woes and the form of Pique and Lenglet have seen the World Cup winner fall down the pecking order at Barcelona, with reports saying that Umtiti has been told he can leave. Ronald Araujo (STAY) - If Umtiti was to leave this summer, it would give Uruguayan defender Ronald Araujo more first-team minutes. The 21-year old made six appearances last campaign, and did not concede a single goal while on the pitch.Jean-Clair Todibo (GO) - The young Frenchman was loaned to Schalke last January with an option to buy. This suggests that Todibo is viewed as expendable by Barcelona.  Jorge Cuenca (GO - On loan) - Aside from one Copa del Rey fixture, Cuenca hasn't made an appearance in the last two seasons, with a metatarsal fracture keeping him out for large parts of the 19/20 campaign. However, he is still young, so maybe still has something to offer.  Sergio Busquets (STAY) - At 32 years old, the Spaniard remains one of the best defensive midfielders in the world. His class and composure would be missed at the Camp Nou. Frenkie de Jong (STAY) - The Dutchman has not had an ideal start to life in La Liga, but still has the potential to be one of the very best midfielders in the world. Ivan Rakitic (GO) - Once an important figure in the Barcelona side, Rakitic has grown increasingly unpopular among the fans. A move for the Croatian would be best for all parties involved. Arturo Vidal (GO) - Despite his age, Arturo Vidal is still a useful player - often filling in at LW due to injuries in Barcelona's front line. However, with the Chilean's contract expiring next summer, Vidal may be sold while he still has value. Riqui Puig (STAY) - The youngster was hugely impressive after the restart, drawing high praise and even some comparisons to Barca legend Andres Iniesta. The upcoming season could be a huge one for Riqui Puig.Rafinha (GO) - It's never a good sign when you're being loaned out at 26. Rafinha, brother of Spanish midfielder Thiago, has struggled to make an impact at the Blaugrana since his debut in 2011. With a year left on his contract, expect the Brazilian to be on his way. Carles Alena (STAY) - With Miralem Pjanic arriving from Juventus, it will become even more difficult for Alena to nail down a starting place. However, he is still young, and showed potential in the 18/19 season before his loan to Real Betis.Monchu (GO - On loan) - As vice-captain of Barcelona B, Spanish midfielder Monchu has scored 13 goals in 66 appearances. There could be a future for the 20-year old, although he may need a loan move to prove his worth.Oriol Busquets (GO) - Another whose contract is set to expire next summer, Oriol Busquets (not related to Sergio) spent the previous year on loan at FC Twente. He has made one appearance for Barcelona, as a serious knee injury meant he was out of action for large parts of the 18/19 season.Matheus Fernandes (STAY) - The Brazilian is set to join Barcelona this summer. With a five-year contract and a staggering    300m release clause, expect to see Fernandes get some minutes this season.  