Arjen Robben has announced his intention to make a sensational return to football, rejoining boyhood side FC Groningen just a year after he announced his retirement. The Dutch icon hung up his boots in July 2019 after enjoying a decade of success with Bayern Munich, bowing out alongside Franck Ribery. ? BREAKINGARJEN ROBBEN MAAKT COMEBACK BIJ FC GRONINGEN!?#Arjenvolgjehart#laatonsweereensjuichen pic.twitter.com/QHIkzbZojM However, FC Groningen took to Twitter to announce that the 36-year-old was planning to come out of retirement and make an astonishing comeback. Robben joined the Groningen youth system as a 12-year-old and made his senior debut at 16. He pulled on the shirt for the final time in 2002, before departing for PSV. Robben said: "After a wonderful 18 years, we're coming home! Back to Groningen. "We're coming home during this difficult time of crisis, one that also hits FC Groningen. It's great to see how everyone's supporting the club. I've supported the club as well and it made me think about what else I could do for our club.  "These past few weeks I've had many conversations with club staff, and maybe more than anything I've listened to the call of our supporters: 'Arjen, follow your heart'. "A comeback, as an FC Groningen player. I started to play with this idea, and now I've made it my mission! I want to come back as a player of Groningen." After leaving the Eredivisie outfit 18 years ago, Robben went on to establish himself as one of the finest footballers on the planet.  The tricky left winger played for PSV, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich, and earned 96 caps for his country. He won the Champions League, 12 league titles in four separate countries, and reached the 2010 World Cup final with the Netherlands. The 36-year-old has tempered expectations regarding his return, insisting it will only materialise if he can fully return to fitness. "At this time, I'm not sure if it will happen," Robben added. "What I am sure of is that my drive and determination will be at 100%. It will be a tough physical challenge, but I'm going for it!