Manchester City are considering Lyon starlet Bradley Barcola as a potential replacement for Riyad Mahrez, 90min understands.  The Cityzens have reluctantly accepted an offer of around  £30m to sell Algerian forward Mahrez to Al Ahli, with the player agreeing a  £45m per year salary to join the Saudi Pro League outfit. Mahrez is due in Saudi Arabia to finalise his move in the coming days.  With Mahrez on the move, and potentially Bernardo Silva following suit due to interest from both PSG and Barcelona, City are now looking at options to bolster their midfield.  Sources have confirmed to 90min that Barcola is one of those they like, with the club having previously scouted the France Under-21 international earlier in the season. 90min also understands that Barcola's Lyon team-mate Rayan Cherki and Celta Vigo sensation Gabri Veiga are on their radar too. feed Barcola made his senior debut for Lyon back in January 2023, but instantly become a key player for the club - scoring five goals and bagging eight assists in 25 Ligue 1 appearances. Despite Barcola's lack of experience, 90min understands that City's scouts have been thoroughly impressed with the youngster.  City, though, are not the only admirers for the 20-year-old as Paris Saint-Germain and RB Leipzig have also made enquiries about Barcola's potential availability this summer. Indeed, PSG are pushing hard to strike a deal and have already spoken with his representative Jorge Mendes. The forward has, however, recently admitted that he is keen to stay at OL beyond the current transfer window, saying: "I need a season to confirm [my progress]. You mustn   t forget that I   ve only had six months. I feel good at OL. "I hope I   ll continue to receive the coach   s confidence. I don   t know how the transfer window will go, but I don   t see why I would leave. I need to have a good full season, where I   m a starter from the off." Lyon coach Laurent Blanc added his opinion that he does not think Barcola or Cherki, strongly linked with Chelsea too, should be moving this summer.  "I may be a little selfish but Cherki didn't have many games as a starter before the second half of the season," he said. "Cherki like Barcola, being called upon by a big club is one thing, but winning is another. I advise them to stay another year in Lyon."