Chelsea's prospective new owners remain keen to sign Ousmane Dembele from Barcelona this summer and plan to reopen talks with the Frenchman if he is still available after their takeover is completed, 90min understands. The Blues were leading the chase to sign Dembele on a free transfer this summer once his Camp Nou contract expires, but the sanctions imposed on Roman Abramovich have forbidden them from negotiating any player transfers, leaving them unable to make an offer to the 25-year-old. American Todd Boehly is confident that his group are close to finalising their takeover and is keen to get to work updating the squad, and one of their most pressing concerns is landing Dembele on a free. Both Chelsea and PSG made bids in January to sign him from Barcelona, but a deal was not forthcoming as the player was happy to wait until the end of the season. Camp Nou officials were prepared to push Dembele out of the door back then as they were frustrated with his refusal to accept a wage drop in a new contract. Talks have continued since then, but president Joan Laporta has confessed that they are struggling to match the sort of money Dembele has been offered from elsewhere. Chelsea will try and push ahead with official talks once their takeover is confirmed and sources have told 90min they are hopeful that Stamford Bridge is Dembele's preferred destination, but they remain unable to make an offer and instead have to watch on as other sides push ahead. PSG's offer remains on the table and 90min can confirm that Bayern Munich have opened their own talks with Dembele's entourage in the hope of bringing him back for a second spell in the Bundesliga. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss Man Utd's plans for Cristiano Ronaldo under Erik ten Hag, plus what his stay could mean for United's transfer plans. There's talk on Kylian Mbappe's impending move to Real Madrid, Robert Lewandowski leaving Bayern, Raphinha to Barcelona and Steven Gerrard targeting Luis Suarez.