Brentford are on the verge of agreeing a deal worth  £25m for Republic of Ireland international Nathan Collins. The 22-year-old has been unable to command a regular starting berth at Wolves since Julen Lopetegui took charge and will be allowed to move to the GTech Community Stadium this summer. The Bees are looking to fill the void left by Pontus Jansson's departure at the end of his contract and Thomas Frank looks to have moved early to find his replacement. Brighton are hoping to complete the signing of Anderlecht goalkeeper Bart Verbruggen in the coming days. The 20-year-old goalkeeper has been tipped as one of the game's brightest young stoppers and was a target for Premier League new boys Burnley. But with Roberto De Zerbi's Seagulls able to offer European football next season, the Dutchman looks to be heading to the Amex Stadium to compete with Jason Steele for a starting berth. Robert Sanchez has been told he can leave Brighton, meanwhile, after falling out of favour towards the back end of last season. Everton have confirmed the departure of Tom Davies after he turned down a new contract at the club. The 24-year-old played 179 games for the Toffees in all competitions but has struggled with injuries after bursting onto the scene as a teenager during 2016/17. Davies is expected to head abroad to join Serie A outfit Monza - his first venture away from Merseyside. Marcus Thuram, who is leaving Borussia Monchengladbach as a free agent, is close to finalising terms with Serie A giants AC Milan. The 25-year-old, the son of former France international defender, Lilian, opted against extending his four-year stay at Gladbach, where he scored 34 goals in 111 appearances. Ligue 1 heavyweight Paris Saint-Germain also made Thuram an offer, as did RB Leipzig, who were hoping to keep him in Germany. Bayern Munich, Manchester United, Newcastle, Aston Villa and West Ham previously showed interest but failed to advance things this summer. Zidane Iqbal has said goodbye to Manchester United after opting to join Dutch side FC Utrecht. The 20-year-old, who made his first-team debut as a substitute against Young Boys in the Champions League, posted on social media to bid farewell after failing to become a part of Erik ten Hag's plans. "I have had the opportunity to play with so many teammates, that I will now always call friends, and worked with coaches who always supported me in so many different ways," Iqbal posted. "There are too many people to thank. Kitmen, physios, teachers, chefs, nutritionists, security staff, coaches and everyone else in between, they've all played their role in making me the player that I am today."