Manchester United have revived their interest in Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and talks are 'in progress' with the player's representatives over a potential transfer, according to one report. The Red Devils have long been known as admirers of the Serbia international, and were linked with an  £82m deal for the Lazio man last year. However, a move has failed to materialise with Biancocelesti President Claudio Lotito rejecting an approach. After enduring a difficult 2018/19 campaign following his breakout 2017/18 season, Milinkovic-Savic has emerged once more as one of Europe's finest midfielders, as he played a key role in Lazio's Scudetto charge up until the unprecedented suspension in March. The Serb has played 35 of Lazio's 36 Serie A games so far this term, scoring seven times and assisting a further six, but injury woes have seen Simone Inzaghi's slide down to fourth in the table as Juventus secured their ninth league title on the spin last week. Despite signs of progress under Inzaghi, French rumours outlet Foot Mercato report that this might finally be the summer where Milinkovic-Savic departs Rome. It's claimed that United, who secured qualification into next season's Champions League following an impressive run of form after the restart, are 'dreaming' of the Serbia international's arrival in the current transfer window, The maverick talent is considered a 'popular' target for those inside the club who would like to partner him with dynamic duo Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba for the 2020/21 campaign. However, despite the Red Devils' supposed admiration for the midfielder, this is a move that won't be straightforward.  Lazio are still set to demand a hefty fee for a player who enjoyed a stellar season in Italy and with United keen on adding Jadon Sancho to their ranks as well this summer, it's hard to envisage the club orchestrating deals for both.  it is also unlikely that United would be able to accommodate all three of Pogba, Fernandes and Milinkovic-Savic in the same midfield.