Chelsea's hopes of landing Bayer Leverkusen forward Kai Havertz appear to be growing by the day, with the German keen to join international teammates Timo Werner and Antonio R  diger at Stamford Bridge. Frank Lampard is looking to add some more firepower to his young squad. Werner and Hakim Ziyech have already put pen to paper, but the boss wants to follow that up with a blockbuster move for Havertz, who could cost in the region of  £90m. Fabrizio Romano has confirmed recent reports that Havertz has asked Leverkusen to sell him this summer, with Chelsea his preferred destination. The 21-year-old has been impressed with the Blues' project, but the idea of linking up with Werner and R  diger has also helped convince him. If an 'important bid' arrives soon, Havertz wants to sit down and discuss a five-year contract, and Chelsea are not thought to have a problem with that. The Telegraph and ESPN have both released similar reports, suggesting Chelsea's focus is now on finding an agreement with Leverkusen over a transfer fee. The German side are looking for around  £90m for Havertz, who is seen as a generational talent by many in his homeland, but Chelsea currently value him at closer to  £70m. The hope is that by expressing his desire to leave, Havertz may have lowered his asking price slightly. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich is more than willing to shell out that kind of money this summer as he sees it as a chance to benefit from both a deflated market and the hesitance of Chelsea's rivals. A source has confirmed to 90min that some of the money earned from Eden Hazard's sale last summer is still available to spend, while the Blues' impressive transfer business has also helped them save money. Chelsea were ready to spend  £80m on a striker but landed Werner for just  £50m. When you add in the money from the new kit sponsorship deal with Three, you can see how Abramovich can justify such dealings. Lampard's transfer budget is also expected to be bumped up by a further  £50m if Chelsea can reach the Champions League, although to afford other targets like Leicester City's Ben Chilwell and West Ham United's Declan Rice, there are expected to be several exits from Stamford Bridge.