American striker Matthew Hoppe has received multiple loan approaches this summer, but he remains committed to succeeding with Mallorca, sources tell 90min. The 21-year-old moved to Mallorca in August 2021 following the relegation of Schalke, where he enjoyed a remarkable breakthrough with five goals in his first seven senior appearances. Despite Schalke's struggles, Hoppe ended the 2020/21 Bundesliga season with six goals in 22 appearances. That was enough to tempt La Liga outfit Mallorca to part with    3.5m for his services. Since then, however, Hoppe has struggled, making just seven appearances, notching one assist but still awaiting his first goal.  Earlier this year, reports emerged that a number of clubs were interested in taking Hoppe on loan, including MLS outfit Atlanta United. 90min sources have confirmed that multiple approaches for a loan transfer have been made and there has been solid interest from Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Switzerland. However, it's understood that Hoppe has had positive conversations with Mallorca this summer about getting more chances moving forward, and that the player would much prefer to win his place with Los Piratas. Hoppe played the second half of Mallorca's friendly against Polish fourth-tier side Wieczysta Krakow on Saturday, providing an assist in a 3-0 win and creating a number of chances for his teammates. At present, there are a number of candidates battling for the No.9 jersey in Gregg Berhalter's USMNT squad ahead of the World Cup in Qatar later this year.  MLS products like Ricardo Pepi and Daryl Dike have been given extended minutes, while Jordan Pefok and Haji Wright have been in excellent club form in Europe. That's not forgetting players like Josh Sargent and Jesus Ferreira - the latter currently experiencing a breakout goalscoring season for FC Dallas. However, should Hoppe indeed earn his place with Mallorca, he would be hard to ignore given he'd be the starting striker for a La Liga team. Hoppe's work rate and versatility would make him a valuable asset for Berhalter, who could also use the youngster as a winger, while he has already proven in the past he can be clinical in front of goal.  90min understands Hoppe's primary motivation at club level is to play enough minutes and score enough goals to earn a place on the USMNT's World Cup roster and that his situation will be closely monitored in light of recent conversations with Mallorca.