There's a lot of reason for optimism around Milan at the moment.  They're in top form, having won five out of seven games played since the restart, taking large scalps in the form of Lazio and Juventus in the process. In addition to this, the probable arrival of Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season promises a bright future for Milan after nearly a decade in the dark ages.  One person delighted about I Rossoneri's recent joys is centre-back Simon Kjaer, who stated: "When you win matches, an atmosphere is created inside the dressing room that makes everything possible.  "The joy of playing football is the same as we had as children." Kjaer's happiness is well-justified. He's recently completed a permanent move to what his agent has described as his 'boyhood' club - a reward for his excellent form for Milan since joining on loan in January.  He didn't come to San Siro with a lot of expectation. At the start of the season, Kjaer was loaned to Atalanta from his parent club Sevilla, where he struggled for game-time. There was no question of the Dane's ability, but he didn't fit into La Dea's system and thus he was sent packing after just six months and five appearances.  So the news that Kjaer would be joining Milan on loan for the remainder of the season (with the option to buy) was met with a collective shrug. I Rossoneri desperately needed someone to partner Alessio Romagnoli at the back, however, with Mateo Musacchio ineffective, Leo Duarte injured and manager Stefano Pioli not liking Mattia Caldara.  Safe to say, Milan have now found that partner. Kjaer and Romagnoli's solid defensive pairing has been an important factor to I Rossoneri's impressive form in 2020, with the Dane complimenting Romagnoli much better than Musacchio. And in terms of Kjaer's individual importance to the side, the numbers speak for themselves.  The 31-year-old wins an average of 1.1 tackles per game, which is more than Musacchio and Duarte (both 0.8) despite the two attempting a similar number of tackles per game to Kjaer. He also averages more clearances than them. In both of these instances, only Romagnoli ranks higher. Kjaer is Milan's most effective centre-back in terms of shots blocked (1.1 per game) and passing (completing 89.6% of his passes per game).  Perhaps the most telling statistic, however, is the number of games Milan win with Kjaer in the side and the number they don't when he's absent. Out of the ten league games he has played, I Rossoneri have won eight. By comparison, they have failed to win any of the four games he hasn't featured in since joining in January.   So it was almost daylight robbery when Milan secured Kjaer's services - permanently - for a fee of just    3.5m. The amount spent on such a key player is tiny compared to what I Rossoneri have spent on mediocrity in recent years. 