Erik ten Hag wants Manchester United to make Marcel Sabitzer's move from Bayern Munich permanent in the summer, 90min understands. Sabitzer joined United on loan from the German champions on deadline day in January, and has made 11 appearances in all competitions to date. The Austrian international assisted Marcus Rashford's winner in the 1-0 victory over Brentford on Wednesday night. Ten Hag is keen to increase the quality of United's midfield ahead of next season, with Sabitzer considered a potential bargain to do so on a permanent deal. Sabitzer had been out of favour at Bayern under Julian Nagelsmann, and it is understood the situation remains the same under new coach Thomas Tuchel, who was only recently appointed. Bayern will not stand in the player's way of a permanent exit and are prepared to sell for a sum similar to what they initially paid RB Leipzig in August 2021 - around    16m ( £13.7m). A number of clubs around Europe are interested in Sabitzer themselves but he is understood to be happy at United, having settled well since arriving. United are the player's first choice. feed United, who are targeting a new first choice striker as top priority, would also like an additional starting 'number 8' to join before next season, with Sabitzer offering additional support should he arrive too. 90min has reported repeatedly on Ten Hag's interest in Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong, although other targets are also being considered. The club are looking to raise funds through the sales of squad players in order to create room for manoeuvre in the transfer market, with Scott McTominay attracting interest from a number of Premier League sides - including Newcastle. As previously stated, United are hopeful they can raise around  £30m for the Scottish international given the interest in him. Fred is also not in the club's longer term planning, and while he could be sold for the right price in the summer, McTominay stands to command a higher fee. It's likely that one of the pair leaves before next season. Fred is out of contract in 2024. United are hopeful they will be able to sign Sabitzer and offload an unwanted midfielder for net profit, before also signing a new first choice ball-playing midfielder.