90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona could show Frenkie de Jong, Ansu Fati, Ferran Torres, Raphinha and Nico Gonzalez the exit door this summer in a desperate bid to balance their books. (SPORT) Paris Saint-Germain are willing to negotiate with Real Madrid as they are not prepared to lose Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer next summer. (L'Equipe) French president Emmanuel Macron says he will personally attempt to convince Mbappe to stay at PSG having previously encouraged him to remain at the club. (RMC Sport) Manchester United have dropped their interest in Harry Kane as they don't believe Tottenham will negotiate a reasonable transfer fee. (The Guardian) Liverpool are unlikely to offer Thiago a new contract next summer following the conclusion of his current deal. The Spaniard has been plagued with a number of injuries since joining from Bayern Munich. (The Athletic) Chelsea have opened talks with Villarreal over a deal for  £30m-rated forward Nicolas Jackson after being put off by Napoli's valuation of Victor Osimhen. (Evening Standard) Barcelona have agreed to sign Athletico Paranaense forward Vitor Roque in a deal expected to be worth    40m. The Brazilian wonderkid will sign a five-year contract with the La Liga champions. (Diario AS) Arsenal may be willing to offload Thomas Partey if they're able to complete the signing of Brighton's  £80m-rated midfielder Moises Caicedo. (The Times) Bayern Munich are showing interest in Caicedo after admitting defeat in their bid to sign Declan Rice from West Ham. (Sky Germany) manual Manchester City will push to sign Josko Gvardiol this summer alongside Croatian international teammate Mateo Kovacic. (TeamTalk) Super agent Jorge Mendes has offered Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves to Arsenal after failing to agree a deal with Barcelona. (The Sun) Juventus have joined the race to sign Arsenal striker Folarin Balogun, the 21-year-old who enjoyed a fine loan spell at Stade Reims last season. (Rudy Galetti) Richarlison, who endured a disappointing first season at Tottenham, has again said that he dreams of playing for Real Madrid. (Daily Express) Ivan Perisic is the latest Premier League player attracting interest from the Saudi Pro League. Al Hilal are keen on the wing-back and two Turkish clubs are also chasing the Croatian. (Ben Jacobs) Former Barcelona defender Jordi Alba has two proposals on the table from Saudi Arabia but is also in talks with joining Lionel Messi at Inter Miami. (Fabrizio Romano)