Tottenham talisman Harry Kane has hinted that he plans to remain with the club this summer, although he is unsure of whether manager Antonio Conte will follow suit. The 28-year-old was the subject of a transfer saga last year as Manchester City tried desperately to sign him, but Spurs ultimately held onto their man. While it had been expected that there would be interest in Kane once again this summer, City recently confirmed the arrival of prolific Borussia Dortmund frontman Erling Haaland - likely ending a further pursuit of the England captain. Kane has fired Spurs into the top four with three goals in his last two games, including a brace in the pivotal north London derby success over Arsenal on Thursday. The England captain also netted the winner from the spot as Tottenham edged Burnley 1-0 on Sunday - a victory that lifted them into the Champions League places and heaped the pressure on Arsenal ahead of their trip to Newcastle on Monday night. Speaking after the match, Kane insisted the job was not done yet but admitted he was looking forward to next season and hoped to continue working under Conte, who has overseen an unlikely charge into the top four since taking the reins in November. "There is still a lot of work to do," Kane said. "I think the improvement has definitely been there since the gaffer came in to where we are now. "It shows it can be done in a short space of time, but obviously we will see what happens over the summer and look forward to the next season with a great manager. Hopefully we've learnt a lot since he's been here." Asked about his manager's future, Kane responded: "I have no idea [about Conte   s future] to be honest, that is his decision. But he has worked really hard while he has been here, he's a great guy, a really passionate man so whatever his decision is you have to respect it. But for sure I am enjoying it and I know the boys are enjoying working with him." Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On this week's agenda is Erling Haaland's transfer to Manchester City, Ralf Rangnick recommending Konrad Laimer to Manchester United and the latest on the contract situations of Youri Tielemans and Sadio Mane. He continued: "I have said I am a big fan of his and we get on really well so of course it would be great for the club if he stays. But like I have said that is his decision, he's his own man, and I'm sure he will talk to the club and decide on his future. From our point of view we are all enjoying working with him.