Chelsea have been offered the chance to sign Paris Saint-Germain defender Thiago Silva on a free transfer once his contract with the Champions League finalists ends this summer. Silva, who turns 36 next month, has already confirmed that Sunday's meeting with Bayern Munich will be his final for the French club, but he is yet to make any formal decision about his next move. There have been reports linking Silva with a return to AC Milan, but according to The Telegraph, the Brazilian has made it clear that he wants to fulfil a dream of playing in the Premier League before he retires, and he would be prepared to take a huge pay cut from his near  £300,000-a-week salary to get the deal done. His representatives have therefore reached out to Chelsea, who are on the lookout for some more experience in defence, and the Blues are now said to be considering making an offer. Alongside Chelsea, 90min revealed back in June that Arsenal, Everton, Wolves, Newcastle and West Ham have all considered a move for Silva, who also has offers from America but has made it clear he wants to stay in Europe. A potential stumbling block could be Silva's desire to seal a two-year contract at his next club. It's no secret that Chelsea are hesitant to offer players over 30 anything more than one year, and given the fact that Silva is approaching 36, they may be even more wary of a long-term commitment. Chelsea are expected to sign a new centre back this summer and have been linked with a whole host of players. At the more-expensive end of the scale, West Ham's Declan Rice and Atl  tico Madrid's Jos   Gim  nez are on the radar, while cheaper targets like Brighton's Lewis Dunk and Manchester City's John Stones have also been linked by the English media. While there's no doubt that the Blues would prefer to land one of those top-of-the-range targets, financial limitations may make that impossible. Chelsea are pushing to spend close to  £80m on Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz and still want to find a new left-back and goalkeeper.