90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Juventus agreed to sell striker Dusan Vlahovic to Manchester United during the January transfer window, striking a deal worth between    100m and    120m, before the Serb's agent pulled out of negotiations. Real Madrid remain interested. (AS) Real Madrid are also keen on Harry Kane, with Tottenham prepared to demand one up-front payment of  £100m to sell the striker, who is also of interest to Man Utd. (The Times) Liverpool will prioritise a move for Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, who could be available for  £44m as he approaches the end of his contract. (Calciomercatoweb) Manchester United sent scouts to watch Brighton winger Kaoru Mitoma ahead of a possible summer bid. (The Sun) Real Madrid still want Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham but have identified Manchester City's Bernardo Silva as a potential alternative. (ESPN) Liverpool are not prepared to compete financially with Real or Man City for Bellingham and will instead switch their attention to Wolves midfielder Matheus Nunes. (Fichajes) Juventus will consider selling winger Federico Chiesa this summer, with Real Madrid and Barcelona both interested in the    60m-rated Italian international. (Calciomercatoweb) READ NEXT manual Red Bull Salzburg striker Noah Okafor is of interest to Arsenal, Tottenham and West Ham as he heads towards the final 12 months of his contract. (Daily Mail) Chelsea have joined Atletico Madrid and PSG in expressing an interest in Fulham midfielder Andreas Pereira, who has been identified as a potential replacement for Mason Mount. (ESPN) Sergio Busquets will make a decision on his Barcelona future during the international break, with offers from Major League Soccer and Saudi Arabia also on the table. (Mundo Deportivo) To try and convince Newcastle to part ways with Bruno Guimaraes, Man City are readying an offer which could include midfielder Kalvin Phillips as a makeweight. (The Mirror) PSG retain an interest in Zenit Saint-Petersburg winger Malcom, who they unsuccessfully tried to recruit during the January transfer window. (Foot Mercato) LISTEN NOW