Lionel Messi could reunite with former teammate Neymar at Paris Saint-Germain next season with the Brazilian already liaising with his superiors about how to get the deal over the line. Messi future was thrown up in the air during the summer, after the Blaugrana captain announced his intention to leave Catalonia on a free transfer. Bar  a ultimately blocked the Argentine's move to cancel his contract, but his deal will expire next summer. Club interim president Carles Tusquets has since claimed that perhaps Barcelona should have sold Messi, such is the dire state of the reigning Spanish champions' financial situation. Speculation regarding Messi's future has not abated since the summer, while Neymar raised eyebrows earlier this week by insisting he wants to play alongside the six-time Ballon d'Or winner next year.  According to ESPN there is a possibility that Messi will be swapping Barcelona for Paris come the summer of 2021.  They claim that Neymar has been in discussions with PSG sporting chief Leonardo ever since Messi confirmed his desire to leave Camp Nou, and the club are preparing to make their move when 1 January 2021 rolls around.  If Messi joined Neymar at PSG, would they have the best attack in world football? ? pic.twitter.com/v4UY9cUety Messi will be able to negotiate a transfer away from Catalonia when the winter window opens, meaning he could walk away from Bar  a for nothing and join his new club on 1 July.  La Blaugrana are still be hopeful of convincing the Argentina international to extend his stay at his current home, and a positive outcome from the presidential elections on January 24 may do the trick. However, club finances remain an enormous problem.  At this moment in time however, there is a much stronger inclination to believe the forward has made up his mind on his future, and is preparing himself for his first professional experience outside of Catalonia.  Talisman Neymar, who left Bar  a in 2017, is clearly desperate to reunite with his former teammate in Paris, and he dropped a midweek bombshell following les Parisiens' 3-1 victory over Manchester United, stating that he will line up alongside the Argentine 'next year'. 