90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United are readying a late push to sign West Ham's Declan Rice, despite the feeling that he is likely to join Arsenal. (Football Insider) Moises Caicedo has agreed personal terms with Arsenal but Chelsea are prepared to pay a higher transfer fee to Brighton, with the Blues expected to use centre-back Levi Colwill as part of their offer. Caicedo is valued at  £75m. (Teradeportes) Manchester City hope their push to win the treble this season will convince Erling Haaland to sign a new long-term contract and snub interest from Real Madrid. (Telegraph) With their season now over, Manchester United are preparing a  £50m bid for Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount and also hope to persuade Tottenham to sell striker Harry Kane, although there is an acceptance signing the latter is 'unlikely'. (Telegraph) Real Madrid are readying a  £100m bid for Kane after learning of Karim Benzema's decision to leave the club. (Mail) Tottenham have made contact with Everton over a summer transfer for goalkeeper Jordan Pickford but could be scared off by his high asking price. (FootballTransfers) manual As he approaches the final 12 months of his Liverpool contract, Thiago Alcantara is not expected to be offered fresh terms. The midfielder will not be sold this summer, however, and could depart on a free transfer next year. (Goal) Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat is also a target for Manchester United, who are keen to stop Barcelona from landing the Morocco international. (Sport) Paris Saint-Germain have identified former Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann as their preferred replacement for Christophe Galtier, who could be relieved of his duties. PSG want to bring Thierry Henry in as Nagelsmann's assistant. (Foot Mercato) Chelsea are prepared to demand  £20m to part ways with left-back Ian Maatsen this summer, with Burnley keen to keep the Dutchman around after his successful loan spell. (Standard) Bayern Munich are keen to offload Sadio Mane this summer and believe that Newcastle could be tempted to make an offer for the former Liverpool forward. (Sport1)