90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United could face competition from Bayern Munich in their pursuit of Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund. (BILD) Neymar is desperate to return to Barcelona this summer after being told he can leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer. But a deal will be complicated for a player also generating interest from Chelsea and Saudi Pro League's Al Hilal. (SPORT) Arsenal will launch a third bid for Declan Rice after seeing their  £90m offer turned down by West Ham. (Mail) The Gunners have already made a new offer for Chelsea forward Kai Havertz that is worth  £60m. (Mail) Barcelona manager Xavi is a big fan of Tottenham midfielder Giovani Lo Celso and could turn to the Argentine if Ilkay Gundogan fails to agree a move to Catalonia. (Mundo Deportivo) Leicester are holding firm in their  £50m valuation of Tottenham and Newcastle target James Maddison despite the club's relegation to the Championship. (Sky Sports) Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City have enquired about the availability of Real Madrid midfielder Federico Valverde, who recently said he has no interest in leaving the Spanish capital. (TeamTalk) manual Harry Kane is still hopeful that a move to Manchester United will materialise even though Tottenham are reluctant to lower his  £100m asking price. (Mail) Manchester City have submitted an offer of  £25m to Chelsea for midfielder Mateo Kovacic. (The Athletic) The seven-time Premier League champions are also close to agreeing personal terms with standout RB Leizpig defender Josko Gvardiol. (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United have made contact with Inter over a move for Nicolo Barella. The 26-year-old has also been linked with a move to Newcastle in recent weeks. (Gazzetto dello Sport) Arsenal could make an offer for Everton midfielder Amadou Onana, with the Belgian considering his future at Goodison Park. (Mirror) Fulham are interested in signing Manchester United midfielder Fred on a permanent deal this summer. (Telegraph) Juventus are hoping to pocket at least    30m for American midfielder Weston McKennie, who has returned to the club after a disappointing loan spell at relegated Leeds. (Gazzetta dello Sport)