Anyone who's ever played Football Manager knows it's impossible to resist splashing big money on an unknown entity from Brazil, on the off chance they might turn out to be an absolute world beater. They never are, but that's beside the point. La Liga giants Barcelona aren't shy when it comes to scouring the Brazilian leagues for unearthed gems, and their latest foray into South America looks like resulting in the capture of Flamengo midfielder Gerson. Bar  a are rumoured to be on the verge of securing the services of the young Brazilian, yet his story doesn't quite fit the 'South American plucked from obscurity to play in Europe for the first time' stereotype. Here's everything you need to know about the man who could be gracing Camp Nou next season... Anyone who follows Serie A with a keen interest will know exactly what we mean when we say he's not spent his entire career in Brazil.Gerson was rumoured to be on Barcelona's wish list all the way back in 2015, though he opted for a move to Roma instead.To say the switch didn't go to plan would be something of an understatement. Gerson spent three years in Italy - one of which he was shipped out on loan to Fiorentina for - and he headed back to Brazil in 2019 with just ten league starts for Roma under his belt. Speaking of his move back to Brazil.Rio de Janeiro's Flamengo splashed  £10.6m to bring Gerson back to his home country in 2019, though in signing for them he joined the city rivals of Fluminense - the club that handed him his first opportunity in professional football.It's fair to say the move didn't go down well with his former employers, though his decision has been vindicated having picked up numerous pieces of silverware including the 2019 Copa Libertadores. Barcelona's mooted interest isn't the first time Gerson has been linked with a big European club since moving back to Brazil.In the last few years alone, Atletico Madrid, Arsenal, Borussia Dortmund, Chelsea and Tottenham have all reportedly been keen to thrash out a deal for the midfielder, with the latter's interest seeing them table a  £16m bid which was swiftly rejected by Flamengo.It seems Barcelona may have got their man this time with a  £21.5m bid enough to tempt the Brazilian outfit into parting ways with their talented midfielder. Chances are the only thing you've gathered from this article so far is that he's a young Brazilian who bottled his first stint in European football, so what is there to know about his style of play?If you're the type of football fan who bases their entire opinion of a player on how many goal involvements they rack up for the season then Gerson isn't the player for you.The youngster isn't the type to notch ten goals and ten assists in a season from midfield, but what he does offer is a progressive style of play full of energy, while his ball-playing skills are exactly what you'd expect of a Brazilian midfielder.