Welcome to the 90min Monday live blog. We'll have all sorts of transfer stories to keep an eye on during the day, so be sure to stick around. We've seen a few big moves so far this winter window - Ferran Torres, Philippe Coutinho and Lucas Digne being among them - and there's been plenty of speculation over the likes of Erling Haaland, Dusan Vlahovic and Ousmane Dembele as clubs look to strengthen their squads. Everton also dismissed Rafa Benitez over the weekend, and we'll have the updates from that story as they come through. Follow the live blog below for all the latest news. That's all from us at 90min for today. We'll be back tomorrow for more transfer news, rumours and gossip! A transfer saga that simply refuses to go away. While Lyon coach Peter Bosz recently ruled out Emerson Palmieri returning to parent club Chelsea from his loan this window, RMC Sport have revealed that the player himself is keen on a return to Stamford Bridge and that this story isn't over just yet. The contract standoff between Barcelona and Ousmane Dembele is threatening to turn sour, and Europe's elite clubs are lying in wait. According to Mundo Deportivo, Dembele's agents are pushing Bar  a to their limit with their demands, while Manchester United and Bayern Munich are watching on with intent and are keen on the Frenchman. Whoa. That's quite a claim. Catalan outlet El Nacional report that super-agent Mino Raiola is unhappy Gianluigi Donnarumma is still yet to nail down a place in the PSG starting XI, and is actively looking for solutions for his client. In turn, PSG could propose a swap with Barcelona for Marc-Andre ter Stegen, while Raiola is now also keen for Erling Haaland to head to Camp Nou in the summer. Burnley boss Sean Dyche has reacted surprisingly calmly to relegation rivals Newcastle poaching star striker Chris Wood from them.    It wasn   t a perfect scenario to lose a player who   s done very well for us and for himself as well,    Dyche said.    He   s a good player. He   s been quieter this season but you look at the record for us, you look at what he   s achieved as an individual.    But it   s happened before, we   ve been down this road before with Andre Gray, Sam Vokes, Danny Ings, Charlie Austin. These are the challenges." Thanks to a lovely little dispute with Ralf Rangnick at the weekend, Anthony Martial's attempt to force a Man Utd departure is quickly becoming one of this window's hottest sagas. The Guardian write that the striker has knocked back interest from Premier League rivals Newcastle and Tottenham while Barcelona, Sevilla and Juventus retain an interest - but United may have to agree pay some of Martial's  £150,000-a-week wages in order to seal a loan move away. Well, after a late draw to Watford and a loss to Cambridge, who could blame him? 90min understands that Howe wants Newcastle to push ahead for deals for Hugo Ekitike and Diego Carlos - you can read the full story here. While Barcelona and Spurs continue to be linked with moves for Adama Traore, Wolves have completed the signing of winger Chiquinho. Is the Spanish star edging closer to the Molineux exit door? It's looking increasingly likely that Paulo Dybala will leave Juventus on a free transfer when his contract expires this summer, and you can bet that he won't be short of suitors. CBS Sport report that Inter and Tottenham - who came close to signing La Joya in 2019 - are contenders. Who's ready for another 'imagee rights' saga? Earlier on we referenced Arsenal's ongoing interest in Juventus midfielder Arthur, who they hope to sign on a season long-loan from Juventus. The Brazilian seems keen on the move, but Juve's stance on letting him go is seemingly dependent on a replacement coming in. Sky Sports Italia suggest their plans centre around Thomas Partey, who they suggest could be targeted as a makeweight in a swap deal of sorts. It's not something you'd imagine Arsenal entertaining in truth. Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has departed the Africa Cup of Nations to have his recent health scare further investigated. Aubameyang was due to represent Gabon at AFCON but didn't play any part in the tournament after scans detected an abnormality with his heart, but is now returning to London so he can be properly assessed. The 32-year-old's future in north London has previously been called into question after he was stripped of the club captaincy by Mikel Arteta. Whoever signs Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund is going to have to part with some serious cash, regardless of whether or not his release clause is just  £63m. Once wages, fees and bonuses are taken into account, Real Madrid are said to consider the cost of his signing to be nearer the    350m mark. That's some serious cash money. One player who has been in the transfer headlines forever is Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele. Out of contract at the end of the season, the perennially injured Dembele has a number of teams interested in prizing away from Camp Nou - but it's still unclear exactly what his future plans are. The Mirror state the club have given him 48 hours to make his mind up, the latest twist in a see-saw saga that has seen so much contrasting information emerge. Aston Villa's interest in Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma has been well documented, and Sky Sports claim that remains the case. Bissouma has 18 months left on his contract down on the south coast, which may force Brighton to cash in the summer should he opt against engaging in renewal talks. Nevertheless, the Seagulls expect him to remain at the club this window. Armando Broja has impressed on loan at Southampton this season and the Saints are reportedly eager to turn that deal into a permanent one. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has been speaking to the media about the Albania international's future. He is our player, he is doing good. But at the same time, it is only halfway through the season, so he needs to continue to improve and make his statement at Southampton. "He is a very unique player with very unique strengths: speed, strong, robust and a goalscorer. Now is not the time to talk about summer. "Now is the moment for him to stay calm and keep on improving." Sead Kolasinac is closing in on a move to Ligue 1 side Marseille, according to Connor Humm. A switch to France would see the defender link up with Matteo Guendouzi, who is at the club on loan from Arsenal. Everton are looking for a new manager to replace Rafa Benitez, and one of those linked with the post has been speaking to the media. Brighton boss Graham Potter seemed to dismiss any potential for a move to Goodison Park in his pre match conference before Tuesday's clash with Chelsea, saying he is "very happy" in Sussex. Manchester United have been credited with an interest in Aston Villa midfielder John McGinn. The Scot is the heartbeat of Steven Gerrard's midfield and the Telegraph report that United have shortlisted him as the club prepare transfer targets in advance of appointing a new permanent boss. McGinn won't come cheap, however, with Villa almost certain to demand in excess of  £35m. Full story here on Eriksen's proposed move to Brentford      although 90min understands that other Premier League clubs remain in the running. Facundo Pellistri could be on his way back to Manchester United amid concerns over his lack of minutes on loan at Alaves. Reports in Spain suggest Alaves could terminate the deal themselves, but the MEN state that United are considering doing so anyway. Pellistri has featured in 17 games but only started six in La Liga. A number of Championship clubs have voiced a desire to bring Pellistri in on loan if he does find himself looking for a new club. Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea all want to take advantage of Ronald Araujo's precarious contract situation at Barcelona, according to Sport. Araujo is a regular in Bar  a's starting XI but has entered the final 18 months of his contract with the club and still earns considerably less than his teammates. United, Liverpool and Chelsea are all waiting to hand him a significant pay rise if the Uruguayan decides to leave Camp Nou in the summer. This is pretty massive. Christian Eriksen was said to be closing in on a return to the Premier League over the weekend and now one club has made their interest known. Brentford have offered the Denmark international - who hasn't played since suffering a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 - a six-month contract with the option of a further year, as reported by The Athletic. Eriksen was recently released by Inter as he needed an implantable cardioverter defibrillator and Serie A does not allow athletes to play with such medical devices fitted. Midfielder Luka Modric says he expects to sign a new contract with Real Madrid soon. He said: "I'm sure we'll reach an agreement and do what we think is best for both of us." You can read more from the Croatian above in the top stories section. Eddie Howe wants to sign two new centre backs and one of them is James Tarkowski, according to Alan Nixon. Sven Botman won't be leaving Lille while talks with Diego Carlos continue, but Tarkowski leaving would be another massive blow for Burnley delivered by Newcastle. Chris Wood has already left Turf Moor for St James' Park this window. If Tarkowski goes too, Sean Dyche's head might explode. Aston Villa have a bit of a defensive emergency on their hands, with Ezri Konsa's injury against Manchester United leaving them with just Tyrone Mings and Kortney Hause as fit centre backs. Axel Tuanzebe's departure has also left them short at the back and The Athletic claim a new defender is on their shortlist for this month. The Villans have already signed Lucas Digne and Philippe Coutinho this month to go alongside their hefty summer spending, partly funded by Jack Grealish's departure to Manchester City. More Arsenal news, this time in their search for a new central midfielder. The Brazilian has struggled for game time in Turin this season and Calciomercato report the Gunners have    scheduled a new contact    with Juventus to    try to break the deadlock   . Arthur believes he can reignite his career at the Emirates and is 'pushing' to make the deal happen. Pablo Mari hasn't managed to establish himself at Arsenal and he's now set for a move to Serie A, Gianluco Di Marzio reports. The deal will be a straight loan to Udinese, with the Gunners seemingly happy to send another player out on loan despite their current squad availability issues resulting in the north London derby being postponed. Take this next update with a pinch of salt. Spurs have been linked with a move for Adama Traore this month. 90min understands they have been preparing a  £22m bid for the Spaniard, who wants to play under Antonio Conte and would likely be used as a right wing back. The story has slowed over the weekend, though Fichajes claim personal terms between the two parties have been agreed and talks over a transfer fee are moving in a 'positive direction'. I say 'pinch of salt' because Fichajes are a bit of a ropey source.  Newcastle are looking to bolster their squad this month as they try to avoid relegation. They've already brought in Kieran Trippier and Chris Wood, and 90min reported a few days ago that the Magpies want to bring Germany international Robin Gosens to the club, having already sounded out his agent. However, Atalanta don't appear to be too keen on making a deal happen. Atalanta director Marino said: "Every day we read in the newspapers of Atalanta players in talks with Newcastle. It seems like a lottery. We're waiting for Gosens to come back from injury." Tottenham youngster Dilan Markanday is having a medical with promotion chasing Blackburn, Sky Sports report. The 20-year-old made his senior debut in the Europa Conference League defeat at Vitesse but hasn't been afforded anymore opportunities this season. Blackburn are currently third in the Championship, just two points off leaders Fulham, with the goals of Ben Brereton Diaz firing them into promotion contention. Will Andreas Christensen sign a new contract at Chelsea? Won't he? God, the anticipation is almost too much! The standoff has been going on for months and Fabrizio Romano now reports that a Premier League club has contacted Christensen regarding his future. That proposal has been knocked back, however, with the Dane not considering offers from other English clubs. Barcelona and Bayern Munich lead the queue, he adds. More about Andreas Christensen. Also Premier League clubs approached him as potential free agent signing - but Christensen wants to respect Chelsea, he   s not gonna consider any English club proposal. ?? #CFCBarcelona and FC Bayern, leading the race. Decision to be made soon. https://t.co/MmWGvQiCvY Over at Old Trafford, Bruno Fernandes is looking to become one of Manchester United's top earners, though since he rejected a new offer in late autumn talks have been shelved, according to The Athletic. Cristiano Ronaldo, David de Gea and Paul Pogba are just a few who currently earn more than Fernandes and the attacking midfielder wants a deal that reflects his status in the squad. Rafa Benitez was given the boot on Sunday after Everton's defeat to Norwich a day prior, leaving the Toffees in need of a new manager. Roberto Martinez, Wayne Rooney and Graham Potter have emerged as the top targets for the Merseysiders, 90min understands. For now, Duncan Ferguson will be taking charge of first team affairs at Goodison Park. First things first, we've got an update on Eden Hazard. The Belgian has struggled at Real Madrid and now wants to leave the club, according to RMC Sport. Medical staff apparently suggested Hazard having more surgery but president Florentino Perez just wants him gone. The dream move has turned into a nightmare.