Inter are eager to sign Manchester United forward Alexis S  nchez this summer, but they are pushing for more financial assistance from the Red Devils to be able to do so. After a bitterly disappointing 18 months at Old Trafford, S  nchez was shipped off on loan to Inter last summer but United had to pay  £175,000 of his  £400,000-a-week contract to be able to convince the Italian side to take him. The 31-year-old has enjoyed an impressive end to the season and currently sits on four goals and ten assists in all competitions, and BBC Sport note that Inter are interested in bringing him back permanently, but the cost of any deal is a major problem. Inter cannot come anywhere close to paying his  £400,000-a-week salary, so they are hoping for S  nchez to express a willingness to take a pay cut, but United know that it could be a cut of close to  £150,000. United are determined to offload S  nchez this summer as they are facing the prospect of paying him  £50m to see out the remaining two years of his contract, so the idea of agreeing a pay-off with S  nchez to convince him to take a pay-cut to smooth over any potential sale is suggested as a likely option. A post shared by Alexis Sanchez (@alexis_officia1) on Jun 29, 2020 at 1:20am PDT The Telegraph also discuss the situation, adding that all three of United, Inter and S  nchez are keen to find an agreement this summer, but a deal will only be reached if the complicated financials can be sorted out. S  nchez is happy in Milan and feels wanted by both the fans and manager Antonio Conte - something which he did not experience during his time at Old Trafford - so he may be prepared to lower his wage demands simply to bring his United nightmare to an end. Despite nearly all major outlets agreeing on this, the Daily Star have come out with a report of their own. They claim that Inter want to pay  £30m to sign S  nchez, but United actually want to keep the Chilean around, which seems...unlikely. A pay-off would be tough for United to swallow, but given they are hoping to reward Paul Pogba with a new contract and are committed to spending big on Jadon Sancho, having S  nchez's wages on the books as well could be disastrous.