Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has confirmed that he will be staying at the club this summer, ending Manchester City   s chances of signing him. In Kane   s short statement, published on Twitter, he pledged his immediate future to his boyhood team and prevented the transfer saga from dragging into the final days of the transfer window. The England captain made his first appearance of the season in Spurs    trip to Wolves last weekend and referenced the support and reception he received from the travelling fans in his message. It was incredible to see the reception from the Spurs fans on Sunday and to read some of the messages of support I've had in the last few weeks. ?   I will be staying at Tottenham this summer and will be 100% focused on helping the team achieve success. #COYS pic.twitter.com/uTN78tHlk1 Staying but...disappointed? Harry Kane has announced that he will not be leaving Spurs this summer pic.twitter.com/668Hh7j9dY Harry Kane after announcing that he   ll stay at Tottenham instead of winning trophies at Man City pic.twitter.com/c94OhBLHpk Harry Kane talks exclusively to Sky Sports about why he stayed at Spurs. pic.twitter.com/qka1pszxEM Ultimately, Kane was never in control of his destiny because of the contract he signed in 2018. Harry Kane ready to accept that he signed a contract and that his club don't have to drop their asking price because somebody else wants them to. What a world. How not to force a transfer... Harry Kane a case study in how not to handle a push to leave a club. From going public putting a price tag on himself - when he was tied to a lengthy contract & would be costly - to giving the appearance of not being back as planned after the summer at Spurs & then blaming media But could Spurs have done with the money than a player who has tried to leave? Will the presence of Harry Kane be more valuable to Spurs than  £150m would have been? What about Daniel Levy? Does Daniel Levy deserve credit in the Harry Kane saga for his firm stance and persistence? ?? pic.twitter.com/fx6KiLjAgW Spurs fans already prepared to forgive and forget. Harry Kane will get an even bigger reception this weekend! @hkane #THFC #COYS https://t.co/K0QYns7d4m