Everton manager Sean Dyche is eyeing a reunion with former Manchester United loanee Wout Weghorst, who he signed during his time at Burnley. The 30-year-old is back at Turf Moor after spending six months on loan at Old Trafford, but is expected to move on once more despite the Clarets' promotion back to the Premier League. Dyche signed Weghorst to a three-and-a-half year contract in January 2022 - only to lose his job three months later as Burnley attempted to stave off the threat of relegation - and is interested in linking up again at Goodison Park. The Dutch striker also has interest in Turkey, where he spent the first half of last season on loan. Werder Bremen's Niklas Fullkrug, top scorer in the Bundesliga last season alongside Christopher Nkunku, is another long-term target for Everton - he also has interest from Fiorentina - while Ashley Young is expected to rebuff interest from Sheffield United, Luton and Burnley to join as a free agent. Outgoings wise, Everton are ready to listen to offers for Demarai Gray amid interest from a number of Premier League clubs and also from the Saudi Pro League. Crystal Palace, West Ham and Brentford are keeping an eye on Gray's situation on Merseyside, with the club already looking at potential alternatives - Leeds' Willy Gnonto among those considered. Newcastle are continuing to work on the signing of Leicester forward Harvey Barnes, whose arrival may spell the end of Allan Saint-Maximin's career on Tyneside. But after signing Sandro Tonali from AC Milan, manager Eddie Howe is now focusing his efforts on shifting a number of squad players. Club captain Jamaal Lascelles is among a number of players the Magpies are willing to move on, with Jeff Hendrick, Matt Ritchie, Isaac Hayden, Karl Darlow, Loris Karius, Ryan Fraser and Javier Manquillo also available. Nottingham Forest and Fulham are leading the chase for Manchester City's England Under-21 centre-back hero Taylor Harwood-Bellis - a star of Burnley's Premier League promotion campaign last year. Harwood-Bellis has just one year remaining on his City contract and is yet to agree an extension, which may also tempt long-term admirers West Ham and Newcastle into making a move. Burnley may also come back in for the 21-year-old, reuniting the player with Vincent Kompany. Young City team-mate Callum Doyle is set to sign a new contract at the Etihad Stadium before heading out on loan to Leicester, He has spent the last two seasons on loan at Sunderland and Coventry, achieving promotion with the former before losing in last season's play-off final with the latter. Burnley have added Dara O'Shea and Jordan Beyer to their first team ranks this summer, but are keen to conclude more business. Mike Tresor, a 24-year-old attacking midfielder at Genk, and Sunderland winger Jack Clarke, formerly of Tottenham, are both of interest and talks have been held over bringing both players to Lancashire. AZ Alkmaar midfielder Tijjani Reijnders is pushing to complete a move to Serie A giants AC Milan, with personal terms already agreed. The two clubs are now looking to thrash out a deal likely to be worth in excess of    20m. Viktor Gyokeres, the star of Coventry's push for promotion to the Premier League last season, is to spurn Premier League advances to join Portuguese giants Sporting CP. The 25-year-old Swede scored 21 goals last season, and will now compete against Europe's best in the Champions League. West Ham are interested in Real Betis central defender Luiz Felipe but are yet to progress talks to an advanced stage. The Hammers are in the market for a new centre-back after losing Craig Dawson to Wolves in January - Kurt Zouma, Thilo Kehrer, Nayef Aguerd and Angelo Ogbonna are David Moyes' current options. Talks are continuing with Juventus over Swiss midfielder Denis Zakaria, with West Ham ideally looking to complete a loan deal with option to buy - the Turin giants would prefer to sanction a permanent sale or a loan with obligation to purchase.