Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says the club are working around the clock to bring in a new striker. The Red Devils' need for additional firepower was laid bare during Wednesday night's 2-0 defeat to Real Madrid at the NRG Stadium in Houston - a game that saw Jude Bellingham get on the scoresheet for the first time since his big-money move from Borussia Dortmund. Marcus Rashford started the game as United's central striker, away from his preferred position out on the left, and he struggled to make an impression as Madrid came away with a well-deserved clean sheet. 90min revealed on Wednesday that United have made an offer worth  £51.4m for Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund, with the Dane identified as Ten Hag's primary target after months and months of scouting. Atalanta are expected to turn the bid down, as they push for an initial fee closer to  £60m, but Ten Hag admitted in his post-match interview the need for United to bring a fresh face in through the door, and quickly. "We are working 24-7," the Dutchman said of the situation. "We do and everyone, well not everyone, but a lot in the club, and we give all the power to get this done. We never talk about players under contract with another club, so we have our targets in the background. We are busy with it to get the right player to sign a contract for us." feed Ten Hag also touched on the nature of Kobbie Mainoo's injury, after he hobbled off in the early stages of the game after being on the receiving end of a crunching Rodrygo tackle. The 18-year-old was pictured wearing a protective boot after the game, but the manager said it was too early to determine the severity of the problem. "I understand the question," Ten Hag said, when asked about his condition. "But you can never tell straight after a game. We have to wait for what it is. "So, hopefully, it's not too bad and then chances will come. I wanted to see what levels he could play. Against Arsenal, we were pleased with his performance. I wanted to see if he could repeat that, some days after, from then, we would have conclusions. First, we have to wait for the diagnosis and, from there on, we will set conclusions." Ten Hag also commented on Andre Onana's debut performance in goal. The former Inter stopper was a late arrival to United's pre-season tour of the United States, but was handed his first opportunity to impress against a side more than capable of keeping him busy. On the whole, Ten Hag was impressed with what he saw from Onana, telling the assembled media:  "When you play against Real Madrid, you will concede chances because it is a very good team with very good football players. But, overall, we did quite well and in the moment we conceded chances, he was there. I think everyone has seen, he has made a good debut. "We have a lot of work to do between  him and and the defending part. You could see the second goal where we are not closing the back post, it can't be that and a goal will come there and that's things that are the rules we have to follow. It will come quickly that we integrate that into our way of play."