When he isn't crotch-thrusting awards or riling up the entirety of the Netherlands, Emiliano Martinez is probably saving a penalty.  Martinez's heroics from 12 yards thrust Lionel Messi's legacy into an impenetrable realm as Argentina claimed victory in the greatest World Cup final of all-time on penalties. Watch 90min's World Cup show on YouTube as Harry Symeou, Scott Saunders, Grizz Khan and special guest Kieron Dyer review Argentina   s epic win over France on penalties. Subscribe to the channel here! The Aston Villa shot-stopper had a huge say in La Albiceleste's success as he denied Randal Kolo Muani's effort in the dying embers of extra time with a big left foot before his chest prevented Kingsley Coman in the shootout.  He was immediately crowned a national hero and Martinez's performances in Qatar have seen him emerge as a protagonist in transfer rumour mills ahead of the January transfer window. A few clubs have been linked with a move for the 30-year-old this winter. No, Bayern Munich are not moving on from Manuel Neuer just yet but they are in the market for a goalkeeper in January after the German international was ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg. Bayern require an emergency option and reports have emerged of their interest in Martinez. Sven Ulreich is Die Roten's current number two with Alexander Nubel currently out on loan at AS Monaco. Ulreich hasn't filled supporters with the utmost confidence down the years, and the club might be persuaded to bring in someone like Martinez this winter.  Despite his steady performances, it's unlikely that Erik ten Hag views David de Gea as Manchester United's long-term number one under his stewardship. The Spaniard simply isn't good enough with his feet. Now, Martinez isn't exactly Ederson with the ball on the ground, but United reportedly hold an interest in bringing the World Cup hero to Old Trafford. Should the Red Devils opt to make the move in January, Martinez will compete with De Gea for a starting berth. However, he doesn't come across as United's long-term goalkeeper solution. 