Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has given the green light to trigger a one-year contract extension clause on four first team players. Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw, Fred and Diogo Dalot, all initially out of contract in 2023 and able to speak to foreign clubs about a free transfer from January 1, have now seen their deals extended until 2024 - giving United more time to renegotiate long-term contracts or seek transfer fees for any players they'd like to offload next year. One player in the same boat whose future remains unresolved however, is first-choice goalkeeper David de Gea. De Gea's contract expires on June 30, 2023. United have an option to extend the Spaniard's stay by a further year like the aforementioned players, but the issue United face is De Gea is currently among the club's top earners - he agreed a deal in the region of  £375,000-a-week when it was signed in 2019. Any extension trigger would be on the same terms as the existing deal. De Gea's current take home earnings are impacted with a clause triggered following United's failure to qualify for the Champions League last season, but remain among the highest in the squad. The issue United face is De Gea's current standing on the payroll doesn't match his status in the world game following an extended dip in form, and concerns over his capability to play in a Ten Hag team. De Gea's strong point has never been with ball at his feet, and he has lost his place in the Spanish national team in strong part due to that factor. Luis Enrique has left his job as Spain manager following the World Cup, however, potentially opening a route back into the international set up. De Gea was, at the point of signing his last contract with United, one of the best goalkeepers in the world, with a wage reflective of that status. It's clear this is no longer the case, and clear to United too, who are looking to be more careful and strict with contract renewals after years of mismanagement. 90min understands United and De Gea are on good terms, and both parties are determined to stay that way no matter the result of discussions over a renewal. Talks over a potential extension are ongoing, but United's approach will be for any new long-term agreement to be made on significantly reduced terms. United are not considering triggering the one-year extension option. The size of the reduction, and whether De Gea accepts it, remains to be seen. 90min reported in November that Ten Hag had become a big fan of De Gea's work ethic and presence at Carrington, even while concerns remain over whether he is or can become Ten Hag's archetypal number one. Listen now as Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and Toby Cudworth in the latest episode of Talking Transfers. This week the trio discuss Man Utd's ongoing interest in Dutch duo Cody Gakpo and Frenkie de Jong, Chelsea's pursuit of Josko Gvardiol, a new Arsenal contract for Gabriel Martinelli and more! Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast! United have been scouting other potential options for a number of months should they end up losing De Gea. Martin Dubravka will return to Newcastle when his loan deal expires in the summer, and was only considered understudy to De Gea anyway. Dean Henderson, long tipped as De Gea's successor and once trialled as such, is still intent on leaving United and the club could use his sale as a method of raising funds if his successful season at Nottingham Forest continues. Portugal number one Diogo Costa, of Porto, has been scouted a number of times by United this season so far and looks to be one of the next crop of modern goalkeepers ready to be snapped up by a European giant, even if there is a substantial release clause in a new deal signed only recently. Ten Hag and United like the player though have other areas they would like to strengthen next summer. Yann Sommer has been on United's radar but is considered a number two option. De Gea would need to agree to a new deal on reduced terms if he is to stay at United, but the decision remains up to him and the club on how any new deal would look.