Brighton & Hove Albion will consider allowing Moises Caicedo to leave the club this summer if their valuation of the player is met, sources have told 90min. The Seagulls have little intention of becoming a selling club in the long-term, but they are also an analytically driven club and every player has their price. Alexis Mac Allister is set to leave this summer, though many people within Brighton's hierarchy believe that he is the only key player that should have an exit sanctioned ahead of the 2023/24 season. However, 90min has been told that if the bidding for the in-demand Caicedo surpasses a certain number - believed to be  £80m - then Brighton are ready to have conversations about his future. Brighton rejected all offers for the midfielder in January, with both Chelsea and Arsenal pushing hard and seeing bids of up to  £70m knocked back. Caicedo made it known in January that he wanted to leave, but within weeks of the window closing he penned a new long-term contract, tying him to the club until 2027 with an option for a further year. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Despite this new deal, interest in Caicedo has not dissipated and Arsenal are still very interested in taking him to north London. West Ham   s Declan Rice is a player the Gunners like a lot, but 90min understands that Caicedo remains an option as well. Liverpool and Manchester United are also confirmed admirers of Caicedo and retain an interest, while it is believed Manchester City have him on a list of potential backups to top target Jude Bellingham, who is likely to join Real Madrid instead this summer. Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi, who is becoming more involved with the club's transfer decisions, is eager to keep his key men, but potentially bringing in  £150m for Mac Allister and Caicedo - who cost the club  £11m combined - would be a staggering bit of business for any club. Should those deals be sanctioned, Brighton have made it clear they will reinvest in the squad. They have already agreed summer deals for Watford's Joao Pedro for a club-record  £30m, as well as James Milner on a free transfer from Liverpool. LISTEN NOW