It's here. It's Deadline Day. Let the fun begin. Some teams have already finished their business and can enjoy the day with their feet up, but others are still scrambling to get signings over the line and there are plenty of big names who could still be on the move before the window closes. Here are ten deals which could still happen today. Chelsea have been on the lookout for a new forward all summer and Thomas Tuchel has settled on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.The Barcelona man has already lost his spot in the starting lineup following the arrival of Robert Lewandowski and a move to Stamford Bridge seems likely for Aubameyang. Heading in the opposite direction could be Marcos Alonso, who has been on Chelsea's 'For Sale' list for a good few months now.He wants Barcelona and Barcelona want him. Personal terms have been agreed and it's now a case of waiting for the two teams to thrash out a fee. Youri Tielemans has entered the final year of his contract at Leicester and is unlikely to be signing a new one, making him the ideal transfer target for this summer.Arsenal are long-term admirers while Newcastle United have forced themselves into the race for his signature recently. One to watch, for sure. Everton have agreed a  £15m fee to sign young Manchester United midfielder James Garner.Personal terms have been discussed and it looks as though the 21-year-old is heading to Goodison Park, where he should be joined by former Toffee Idrissa Gueye. From out of nowhere, Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo looks to be answering Jurgen Klopp's desperate call for midfield reinforcements.The 26-year-old is expected to undergo a medical ahead of a swift loan move to Anfield. Valencia have agreed a deal to sign Bryan Gil on loan from Tottenham, who are reluctant to send him out until they have signed a replacement.Roma's Nicolo Zaniolo and Leeds' Dan James are both on the radar, but even if neither player moves to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, Gil may still get his move. With Sergino Dest heading to AC Milan, Barcelona need to bring in a new right-back.Villarreal's Juan Foyth appears to be too expensive but the belief is that Borussia Dortmund's Thomas Meunier could be available for far cheaper. Real Madrid got their business done early and are now focused on departures, the most likely of which appears to be right-back Alvaro Odriozola.Nottingham Forest, Fiorentina and Real Sociedad are all said to be keen on the Spaniard, whose departure feels inevitable.