Manchester United are expected to accept Roma's loan with an obligation to buy offer for Chris Smalling, bringing an end to the defender's ten-year stay with the club. The 30-year-old spent last season in the Italian capital on loan, quickly winning over supporters with some impressive displays in the heart of defence.   I   m gutted that I can   t finish what we started this season. To experience the love shown to me in such a short time was extra special and it will not be forgotten. I want to thank and wish all the players and staff the best of luck against Sevilla. DAJE ROMA! ?       ? @officialasroma A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Aug 4, 2020 at 1:01am PDT Making 30 Serie A outings last term - as well as scoring three times and assisting twice more - Smalling played an integral part in Roma securing a fifth-placed finish. His impact was such that Roma have been keen to bring him back to the club permanently. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer doesn't have Smalling in his future plans, therefore was willing to let the Englishman leave. Discussions have rumbled on throughout the summer, but Gianluca Di Marzio reports that an agreement has been met. An initial loan deal with an obligation to buy for    12m ( £10.7m) is set to be accepted by the Red Devils, despite falling short of the original asking price. A three-year deal is thought to be in the offing for Smalling, who has indicated to both his former club and current employers that his wish was to return to Rome for the coming seasons. Smalling's sale will recoup some of the money United splashed out to sign Donny van de Beek this window, while the club are still working hard to bring Borussia Dortmund's Jadon Sancho to the club. At the back, Smalling's departure would leave the Red Devils with six senior central defenders, although more departures are expected.  Marcos Rojo is available for sale, while Phil Jones is way down the pecking order as links to Napoli's Kalidou Koulibaly have surfaced (again) this summer.