The summer of 2011 saw three key figures join a Bayern Munich side which had gone an entire season without a major trophy, slumming it in third place. Jupp Heynckes - in the third of four spells with the Bavarians - replaced Louis van Gaal as manager; Manuel Neuer controversially became the club's first-choice goalkeeper; and a bespectacled 22-year-old centre-back arrived after one mediocre season with Manchester City. Jerome Boateng may not have been the most high-profile addition that summer, but he has done more than enough in the subsequent years to earn his place in Bayern's history alongside Neuer and Heynckes. However, Boateng's trophy-laden spell in Bavaria is set to conclude this summer, as Bayern are unwilling to extend his contract. Injuries have long been a nagging concern when it comes to Boateng, yet, when he takes to the field (which he did in three-quarters of Bayern's fixtures last season), there are few defenders in the modern game that can boast his range and accuracy with the ball at his feet. At 33, it's not an investment for the future, but there are a number of clubs that, without having to fork out a transfer fee, might take the risk of eking one or two more years out of the big German. Arsenal's recent history has been plagued by the consequences of dishing out lucrative contracts to over-30s. Mesut Ozil is the prime example, but David Luiz hasn't exactly enjoyed a flawless career in north London since putting pen to paper after hitting the big three-oh.Moreover, Arsenal have a sickening abundance of centre-backs this season and will surely focus on departures rather than arrivals in this particular area next summer. Suitability Rating: 1/10 Chelsea have largely adhered to a transfer policy avoiding over-30s but Thiago Silva's early impact in blue has hinted at the value of an experienced professional at the heart of defence. Boateng - three years Silva's junior - has been linked with Frank Lampard's side but it would be unlikely for Chelsea to pursue the former Germany international if the club executes the one-year extension option in Silva's contract.Suitability Rating: 3/10 If the arrival of the likes of Ashley Young and Diego Godin hadn't already signalled Antonio Conte's faith in experience, the signing of Arturo Vidal put it in bold, italics and underlined.The Nerazzurri were actually trying to add more seniority to their side this summer in the form of Boateng as Inter offered Christian Eriksen in a swap deal, according to Sky Germany.With 16 major trophies in nine complete seasons at Bayern, Boateng emphatically brings the winning mentality Conte so desires. However, to avoid the threat of becoming isolated and outstripped as one of the wide centre-backs in Inter's favoured 3-5-2, Boateng would be best suited anchoring the defence and so relegate Stefan de Vrij, one of Serie A's best defenders, to the bench. Seems unlikely.Suitability Rating: 5/10 As a character not readily associated with swiftly moving on, Jose Mourinho may be tempted to finally get his man after trying to sign Boateng for Manchester United in the summer of 2018.Alongside their north London rivals, Spurs have been linked with the imposing 6'3 Boateng. While the 33-year-old boasts a passing range comparable to Toby Alderweireld's regular cross-field sprays, Boateng also offers an aerial dominance which eclipses the airborne prowess lacking in Tottenham's current centre-back options.Suitability Rating: 6/10