Manchester United have not given up hope of signing Dutch midfielder Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona and plan to return to the table with a fresh bid next summer. (ESPN) The Red Devils want to sign both De Jong and Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham next summer as part of a midfield overhaul. (ESPN) Jordan Henderson and Trent Alexander-Arnold both urged Bellingham to join Liverpool during the international break and the young midfielder was flattered by their efforts, but laughed when asked for a response. (Football Insider) Kylian Mbappe handed PSG a transfer wish list with four players over the summer, one of which was Man Utd forward Marcus Rashford. (RMC Sport) After conducting a secret medical over the summer, RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku has his heart set on sealing a    60m move to Chelsea next summer. (The Daily Mail) Juventus want to sign right-back Diogo Dalot from Man Utd on a free transfer next summer, although the Portugal international's contract does include a 12-month extension clause which the Premier League side are expected to trigger. (Calciomercato) As well as Dalot, Juve are plotting a move for another impending free agent, 33-year-old left-back Jordi Alba of Barcelona. (Sport) Ruben Neves is prioritising a move to Barcelona when he eventually leaves Wolves and is less keen on moving to another Premier League side, with Arsenal, Liverpool and Man Utd among his suitors. (Sport) Scott Saunders and Graeme Bailey bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Christopher Nkunku's future, James Maddison, Youri Tielemans, Newcastle's latest addition & David De Gea. The guys also talk Liverpool, the 'new Salah', Dusan Vlahovic & more. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Centre-back William Saliba is not believed to be in a rush to discuss a new contract with Arsenal. (The Athletic) Atletico Madrid would not be interested in taking Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham as part of a deal for goalkeeper Jan Oblak. The left-back has been injured since joining Atleti on loan from Spurs this summer and Diego Simeone is not entertaining a permanent deal just yet. (Mundo Deportivo) Manchester City are among the clubs chasing 21-year-old Millonarios winger Daniel Ruiz Rivera. (Directv Sports)