Newcastle United are pushing hard to bolster their striking options in January amid concerns over the potential length of Callum Wilson's injury layoff Wilson hurt his Achilles in the 1-1 draw with Man Utd on 27 December but the Magpies still do not know when he might return, with estimates ranging from two months to the rest of the season. That leaves goal-shy Joelinton and outcast Dwight Gayle as the only recognised centre-forwards in head coach Eddie Howe's Newcastle squad. Speaking in his pre-match press conference ahead of facing Cambridge United in the FA Cup third round on Saturday, Howe revealed he is still waiting to learn the full of extent of Wilson's injury. "We don't have a clear diagnosis at the moment. Callum will have another scan very shortly to try and determine exactly how long he will be out. There's still a little bit of uncertainty on that," he said. Earlier this week, Wilson himself admitted on the Footballer   s Football Podcast that the club will have to look at bringing in another forward.    With me being out now, not having a timeframe, you   re also going to need someone to replace me in the short-term. I   m not going to say long-term because you   ve got to back yourself," the England international admitted. Howe was pushed on the likelihood of a new striker arriving and he confirmed the club are looking, but insisted it is the hardest position in football to shop for. "It's all dependent on who's available and who we can recruit because it's probably the toughest position at any time of year to recruit in. The quality of players in that position is very short on the ground," he said. 90min understands that Newcastle are indeed looking at a host of options across Europe and the Premier League and have made approaches for more than a dozen players to assess their availability in January. Brazilian striker Gabriel Barbosa was a player of interest to them - as revealed by 90min earlier in January - and he would consider the move, but there is rival interest in the 25-year-old. In Serie A, the Magpies have enquired about former Manchester City man Edin Dzeko, only to be rebuffed by league leaders Inter. They also asked about Fiorentina's coveted frontman Dusan Vlahovic, but it is believed the Serb would not entertain their interest. Newcastle have also contacted Arsenal about the situations of both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Eddie Nketiah. Both are potential options with neither player seeming to have a long-term future at the Emirates. There are other domestic targets too, including Liverpool cult hero Divock Origi, Manchester United's Anthony Martial, Todd Cantwell of Norwich and Bournemouth's Dominic Solanke.