Wolverhampton Wanderers have confirmed the signing of Portuguese midfielder Matheus Nunes for a club-record  £42.2m fee. The 23-year-old has signed a five-year deal at Molineux with the option of a sixth, having rejected the chance to join West Ham United, and joins for an initial  £38m plus add-ons. Nunes has emerged as one of Europe's most promising midfielders in recent seasons, starring for Sporting CP in a side that previously featured Manchester United's Bruno Fernandes. Named in the Primeira Liga Team of the Year for 2021/22, Nunes join an exceptionally strong Portuguese contingent at Wolves - one that features the likes of Ruben Neves, Pedro Neto, Joao Moutinho, Jose Sa and Daniel Podence. Speaking about Nunes' arrival at the club, Wolves chairman Jeff Shi said:    We are very happy to welcome Matheus to Wolverhampton, and delighted to add another exciting young talent to Bruno   s squad.    Matheus has had two excellent seasons at the top level in Portugal with Sporting and is widely regarded as one of the most exciting prospects in world football, so we are thrilled that he has chosen the Premier League and Wolves as the next step in what we hope will be a fantastic career.    Nunes could make his debut this weekend when Wolves face Tottenham Hotspur in the third round of Premier League fixtures.    I   m very excited. For me, I could play tomorrow already, but I can   t because the game is Saturday, but I   m looking forward to it.    I think the club itself [convinced him] and also I spoke to some of my teammates because I play with them for the national team. The coach as well, he really wanted me, and I wanted to play in the Premier League. I think it   s the right next step for me and I   m very happy to be here.       Ruben, Moutinho, I spoke to all of them and asked them stuff, and they all said great stuff about the club     Sa as well, so I   m glad to be here.    For sure. I   ve wanted to come here for a long time now. This is the best league in the world for sure and, like I said, it   s the best step for me and I   m ready.   