Ronald Koeman is prepared to give a second chance to Barcelona's transfer from hell, and has planned talks with Philippe Coutinho following Sunday night's Champions League final. The irony is, of course, that Coutinho, perhaps Barcelona's worst transfer in modern history, will be Barcelona's only representative in the final in Lisbon, having spent the season on loan at all-conquering Bayern Munich. The Brazilian, who has been a bit-parter under Hansi Flick, was infamously brought off the bench to score twice against his parent club in the 8-2 quarter-final mauling earlier this month. To add insult to injury, Barcelona will be required to pay Liverpool an extra  £5m should Coutinho win the Champions League with Bayern. Neymar & Coutinho go way back ?????? ?? ? ???? ?? ??????????? ?? ???????#UCLfinal pic.twitter.com/3iqDv2ocJt The humiliating result prompted a week of upheaval at Barcelona, with Quique Setien and Eric Abidal replaced as first-team coach and technical secretary respectively. Reports claim that almost no-one on the playing staff is safe this summer as the super-club prepare for a much-needed overhaul. However, incoming coach Koeman could be prepared to give 27-year-old Coutinho - who has cost Bar  a close to  £7m per goal to date - another chance to prove his worth. According to Mundo Deportivo, Koeman will talk to Coutinho after Sunday's final to sound the player out over his intentions. It is said that Koeman 'knows Coutinho very well' from his time in the Premier League and 'would like' to count on the playmaker in his midfield next season, with only homegrown talent Riqui Puig and new signing Miralem Pjanic certainties to still be at Camp Nou next season.  While Frenkie de Jong is also highly unlikely to leave this summer, veteran trio Ivan Rakitic, Sergio Busquets and Arturo Vidal are all on the market. Coutinho's own plans are as yet unclear, though his agent, Kia Joorabchian, has frequently touted the player for a return to England - with Arsenal, Leicester and Tottenham among the clubs loosely linked. However, the likelihood of a big-money transfer seems remote in a pandemic-affected market. People will say this season Barcelona won nothing for the first time since 2007-08, but actually their laughable investment of the Neymar windfall won Liverpool the league for the first time in 30 years. Back in July, Joorabchian said: "After the Champions League, it   s not been a secret that he wants to come back to the Premier League if he can; he loves playing in the Premier League and is adored in the Premier League.