Leeds United have been tipped to complete a deal for Dinamo Zagreb youngster Jo  ko Gvardiol in the near future after lodging an  £18m bid for the centre-back. Gvardiol only made his senior debut for Dinamo last season, breaking through towards the end of the campaign and finishing the year with 13 appearances in all competitions.  Talentirani brani    Jo  ko Gvardiol  stavio je potpis na novi ugovor koji   e ga sljede  ih pet godina vezati uz  GNK Dinamo ??????      ? Dinamovo dijete i standardni reprezentativac produkt je nogometne   kole Dinama, a prvi seniorski nastup za Plave upisao je u listopadu 2019. protiv Gorice. Dva tjedna kasnije stigao je prvi pogodak protiv Intera iz Zapre  i  a. - Svako dijete koje se bavi nogometom u Zagrebu sanja da zaigra za Dinamo. Svoj sam san ispunio kada sam debitirao, a ovaj potpis zna  i da je sve do sada na obostrano zadovoljstvo. Nikada nisam   urio i stvari sam prihva  ao kakve jesu.   elim se afirmirati u Dinamu, vratiti klubu sve   to je ulo  io u mene pa tek onda mogu razmi  ljati o onome   to me   eka. Zaista sam sretan i ovim putem   elim se zahvaliti svojoj obitelj koji su mi uvijek bili potpora, suigra  ima i trenerima te klubu      rekao je Jo  ko Gvardiol po potpisu ugovora ????   estitamo! ?? #dinamozagreb #zagreb #hrvatska #croatia A post shared by  GNK Dinamo (@gnkdinamo) on Jun 25, 2020 at 3:46am PDT Dinamo plan to keep the 18-year-old around and have used him in their squad during their Champions League qualifying games this summer, with Gvardiol playing 66 minutes in a recent victory over Romanian side Cluj. According to 24sata, Marcelp Bielsa kept a close eye on that match and was impressed with the defender. Bielsa is believed to have lodged an  £18m bid for Gvardiol, and Sportske Novosti believe that could be enough to get the deal done as Dinamo are hardly in a financial position to reject such a high fee, despite their desire to keep with teenager. There is also competition from RB Leipzig, who are said to have submitted their own bid worth a total of  £18m, and the German side would be prepared to let Gvardiol spend at least one more season in Croatia before making the move to the Bundesliga - something both Dinamo and Gvardiol would like. However, a large part of Leipzig's offer is in bonuses and add-ons, meaning Leeds' cash-upfront offer may be more appealing. It is suggested that Dinamo's desire to cash in is greater than their wish to keep Gvardiol, and unless they receive a third bid, Gvardiol is expected to join either Leeds or Leipzig in the near future - perhaps after the next qualifying game against Ferencv  ros on September 16. It's a bold move by Bielsa to invest so much money in an unproven teenager, especially when that fee could be spent on a veteran who could help them in their first season back in the Premier League. Leeds have already spent  £13m on defender Robin Koch from Freiburg, who is expected to slot in alongside captain Liam Cooper at the heart of Bielsa's defence, so there may not even be a regular spot in the starting lineup for Gvardiol.