Brighton are set to land Watford striker Joao Pedro in a club-record transfer this summer, 90min understands. Highly rated upon his arrival in England in 2020, Pedro has impressed this season in the Championship but his return of 11 goals and four assists has not been enough to drag the Hornets into the promotion picture this season - Watford sit 13th but can still mathematically reach the play-offs, although they would need a miracle over the final two games of the campaign. With Watford set for another season in the Championship, Brighton have moved quickly to take advantage and agree a fee worth over  £25m to land Pedro, who will become the Seagulls' record signing if he seals his move as expected, eclipsing the  £20.7m paid for Enock Mwepu in 2021. Club officials were keen to move quick to fend off interest from rival Premier League sides. Newcastle attempted to land Pedro in the January transfer window but, while still on their radar, he has not been identified as a primary target for the summer. Brighton's interest in the 21-year-old has been driven by manager Roberto De Zerbi, who will be heavily involved in the team's summer transfer plans after an outstanding maiden campaign in the Premier League. feed Primarily a central striker, Pedro has also played on both wings for Watford and even turned out at the top of the Hornets' midfield, with this versatility likely to help him fit in under De Zerbi. Brighton sold Leandro Trossard to Arsenal during the January transfer window and declined to replace him immediately, but Pedro is now expected to fill the Belgian's spot in the squad. There could be further movement at the AMEX Stadium this summer as Brighton anticipate the departure of midfielder Alexis Mac Allister, who is of serious interest to a number of Premier League clubs and is expected to be granted a summer exit. Midfield partner Moises Caicedo is also in demand but Brighton are adamant that they will not be forced into authorising a mass exodus and will only do business on their terms.