Welcome to the 90min transfer blog, where we'll be keeping you up to date with all the rumours, reports and happenings in the window on this fine Monday. With the winter break now upon us, clubs may finally kick into gear with just a week of the window remaining.  Follow along with the below live blog to stay up to date with all the latest transfer speculation. 10:10pm - Goodnight folks That's all from 90min's live transfer blog for today. Check back in again tomorrow for all the latest transfer news from around the Premier League and Europe's top clubs. 9:52pm - Auba with six European suitors With his preference seemingly to remain in Europe, despite a tempting offer from Al Hilal in Saudi Arabia and additional interest from Al-Nassr, six European clubs have been named as potential suitors keeping an eye on the out of favour ex-Arsenal captain. Barcelona, Juventus, PSG, AC Milan, Sevilla and Marseille are the clubs in question, according to the Daily Mirror. Sevilla are currently in the process of trying to sign Anthony Martial on loan, which would be likely to rule them out if successful     as seems increasingly likely. 8:59pm - Nice interest in Lingard We already know that Newcastle have made a huge loan offer for Jesse Lingard -  £10m to be precise. The Magpies believe that will be enough for Manchester United to accept it. But a report in France has still linked Nice with a sudden late interest. It is unlikely to change anything though and FootMercato actually admit the finances involved would    complicate    any approach. In reality, it sounds more like wishful thinking than a plausible option. 8:33pm - Cannavaro an option for Watford? Jobi McAnuff has told Sky Sports that Fabio Cannavaro has been seen in and around Watford recently. It comes as the Hornets sacked Claudio Ranieri on Monday afternoon. "Fabio Cannavaro might be one. He   s been spotted in and around the boardroom, which is never helpful when you are a manager in trouble, seeing big names and potential successors.    Cannavaro has also been linked with the vacant job at Everton and has coached extensively in Asia     most recently in China     since hanging up his boots a decade ago. Tottenham are    edging closer    to the signing of Wolves winger Adama Traore, according to Sky Sports News. The expectation is that the clubs will settle on a compromised fee of  £20m, with Spurs so far offering  £15m and Wolves asking for  £25m. Dusan Vlahovic has told Fiorentina he wants to sign for Juventus, 90min understands. That'll go down well in Florence, who have often sold their star players to the Turin giants in the past. The Serbian had been a target for Arsenal this month. You can read that story here. David Moyes has been pretty clear of his desire for West Ham to sign a few players this window. The Evening Standard say Nat Phillips remains a target for the Hammers in defence, while Duje Caleta-Car has been scouted thoroughly though isn't expected to move this month. They also want a striker with Ben Brereton Diaz liked, though he's currently on international duty with Chile, complicating any potential deal. Former Chelsea winger Jeremie Boga has swapped Sassuolo for Atalanta for    22m plus add ons. The 25-year-old netted 11 Serie A goals during the 2019/20 season, though he is yet to score this term. Anthony Martial has agreed to take a pay cut in order to sign for Sevilla on loan until the end of the season. Juventus had been interested and Manchester United were willing to loan him out to either side, but Sevilla have now moved ahead of the Serie A giants. You can the full story here. Watford have parted company with manager Claudio Ranieri after three and a half months, 90min understands. There should be official word from the club soon. Man Utd are ahead of both Real Madrid and Barcelona in pursuit of Marseille midfielder Boubacar Kamara. As reported by Marca, United have made contact with the Frenchman over a free transfer in the summer and are the likeliest side to snap him up. The agents of Sevilla defender Diego Carlos have arrived at the club headquarters to try and convince them to authorise his move to Newcastle, according to Cope. Carlos wants to join the Magpies but Sevilla are not yet willing to part with the Brazil international as they are still in the La Liga title race. Reading have confirmed the loan signing of 19-year-old Arsenal goalkeeper Karl Hein until the end of the season. January isn't even over yet, but Man Utd already have one eye on what they play to get up to in the summer. The MEN state that four summer signings are likely: a midfielder, forward, centre-back and a backup goalkeeper. Fabrizio Romano reports that Ajax have agreed to sign Juventus youngster Mohamed Ihattaren on loan with an option to buy. The 19-year-old, who is currently on loan with Sampdoria, has dealt with personal troubles since leaving the Netherlands in 2019 and now appears set to return home. A target of Newcastle United, goalkeeper Bernd Leno has received a lot of enquiries from interested teams, according to his agent. Speaking to the Evening Standard, Joannis Koukoutrigas said:    Of course we get a lot of requests from clubs for Bernd.    Bernd has always behaved very well at Arsenal and has shown strong performances. That   s why it   s quite normal. But we won   t comment on every request, Bernd has an ongoing contract until summer 2023.    Niklas Sule has told Bayern Munich that he plans to leave the club on a free transfer in the summer, according to Bild. Newcastle, Chelsea and Barcelona are just three of many suitors who have been keeping a close eye on Sule's situation, and it looks as if they might be getting their wish. There's a lot of talk about potential exits from Spurs, but one player who could join the club is Angers starlet Mohamed-Ali Cho. The 18-year-old forward has impressed in Ligue 1 and Football Insider believe Spurs are now in talks over a transfer which could cost them a cool  £16.7m. AC Milan remain determined to sign Japhet Tanganga on loan, but Tottenham aren't as keen to let him go. Tanganga has started the last five games for Spurs and The Athletic note he will only be allowed to leave if Milan agree to an option to buy the defender permanently. As it stands, the Serie A side only want a straight loan. L'Interista claim that Man Utd left-back Alex Telles has been offered to Inter this month, with the Red Devils ready to sell if they receive an upfront sum of    15m. Telles spent 2015/16 on loan with Inter and has been tipped to make his return six years later. Liverpool are one of the favourites to land Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho on a free transfer in the summer, but they'll face some immense competition. Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen are both chasing the 19-year-old, according to Bruno Andrade. All the talk around Chelsea loanee Armando Broja is to do with Southampton, but now West Ham have been thrown into the mix. It's Football Insider who state that the Hammers' recruitment chief has delivered 'glowing reports' of the striker to David Moyes. One to keep an eye on? While we at 90min reported earlier that Newcastle have made a huge loan offer for Jesse Lingard, they're still looking at other deals. In the last few days, they've also held talks regarding Dele Alli, Ross Barkley and Duvan Zapata - you can find out more here. Got enough goals and creativity, Manchester City and Liverpool? No? Ok then, whatever. Voetbal International report that the Premier League's top two have both reached out to PSV star Cody Gakpo over a move to England. The Netherlands international is expected to sign a contract extension in Eindhoven, but could still leave for the right offer. After searching for candidates that could potentially be used in a loan-swap for Tanguy Ndombele, a couple of PSG contenders have stepped forward. 90min understands Georginio Wijnaldum and Julian Draxler would be open to heading to Spurs until the end of the season as part of the deal - more details can be found here. Jesse Lingard's proposed move to Newcastle continues to get closer, and the Magpies believe their latest offer will finally be accepted by Man Utd. 90min can reveal the Magpies have made a  £10m loan offer (yes, only a loan, you read that correctly) for Lingard. You can read the full story here. There's been plenty of speculation in the last few weeks that Southampton want to make their loan for Chelsea's Armando Broja permanent. The Albania international has given a glowing reference of the Saints, insisting he's happy with how his spell at St Mary's is going so far. "It   s an amazing club, amazing players, people, so I   m around good people and I   m enjoying my football. "I   m happy with the opportunities that I   m getting and trying to help the team out. "I go into every game playing my way, trying to help the team out as much as possible. For me, it doesn   t matter who I   m up against, I just try to play for the team and play for the win. I just try to give my all for the team." The contract stand-off between Barcelona and Ousmane Dembele is beginning to get a little ugly. The Frenchman's deal is up in the summer and Xavi has been vocal about the need for the winger to move on by the end of this window so that Bar  a can at least make some money from him. The Evening Standard are the latest outlet to report of Chelsea's interest in Dembele, with Thomas Tuchel still an admirer of the winger from their time together at Borussia Dortmund. Barcelona's search for cover at left-back rumbles on, and a certain Ajax and Argentina defender has offered his services to the club. Nicolas Tagliafico is busy trying to engineer a move from Amsterdam to Catalonia, reports Fabrizio Romano. He's also been linked with Chelsea in recent weeks as the Blues aim to fill the hole left by Ben Chilwell's injury. With the whole world now bored of Arsenal's long and winding pursuit of Dusan Vlahovic, the Gunners may look to press ahead with moves for other targets instead. Indeed, the Evening Standard write that Arsenal are considering changing tact and could make a move for Real Sociedad's Alexander Isak later this week - the Sweden striker has a release clause of around  £75m. While Ralf Rangnick has confirmed that Man Utd are in talks with a number of clubs over deals for their want-away players, transfer proceedings continue to drag on. Marca write that Sevilla, who have been touted with a move for Anthony Martial all window long, remain keen on a loan move the Frenchman to Andalusia and are determined to overcome the 'enormous difficulties' needed to complete a deal. Bit of a strange one, this. Rafael Leao has been one of Milan's best performers this season as they go in search of their first Scudetto in over a decade, but he's got a notable off-field issue to tie up. Reports in Italy say he's lost his appeal court appeal against a claim that he unlawfully terminated his contract at former side Sporting CP and will either have to pay them    16.5m or take his case to the Portuguese Supreme Court. Good news, Chelsea fans: you've signed a new left-back! Bad news, Chelsea fans: 18-year-old Dylan Williams will join up with the development squads. Oh well, can't have everything. Jordi Alba isn't getting any younger (even if he's still one of Barcelona's better players), and so it's understandable why the Blaugrana are keen on strengthening their options in his position. Marca write that Xavi has requested the signing of Villarreal's Alfonso Pedraza, but Unai Emery's side have already knocked back an approach from Bar  a. After being dropped from the matchday squad for Sunday's trip to Chelsea, 90min can confirm that Tottenham are busy offering Giovani Lo Celso around Europe. Meanwhile, football.london report that Sevilla could be ready to take Spurs up on such an offer - a move that could see the Argentine link up again with Erik Lamela. Arsenal are keen to shift Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this month and have received a couple of offers from Saudi Arabian sides to take him off their hands, but their former captain will only leave on his terms. The Athletic report that Aubameyang is expected to spurn interest from Al Hilal and Al-Nassr as he believes he can still cut it at the very highest level.  90min were first to reveal Brentford's intentions to tie head coach Thomas Frank down to a new deal, and the club confirmed on Monday morning that the Dane has put pen to paper on a contract that will run until 2025. You can read the full story here. Fiorentina's head honcho Joe Barone is getting pretty tired of talking about the future of Dusan Vlahovic, particularly now that Juventus may be stepping up their interest. "I have talked a lot about Vlahovic in these days, Fiorentina has not received offers up to now, but we want clarity.  Our market is not closed, we are always attentive to all movements in Italy and Europe. "Let's see what can happen.  From Vlahovic and his entourage we want clarity.  We have a future." Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has admitted he is not sure what his playing squad will look like come the end of the transfer window. He was asked which players could leave the club in the coming days, and while he knows some of his stars are unhappy, can't be certain that they will depart for pastures new.  "I don   t know. I know which players would want to leave. I know that there are some negotiations with clubs but I am not involved in that. I will probably be posted and made aware if something is happening." It's emerged in recent days that Real Madrid fear that Marco Asensio could walk away from the Spanish capital over a contract dispute, with PSG willing to offer the him a bumper deal. And Defensa Central now report that Chelsea have emerged as a potential destination for Asensio due to the ongoing uncertainty over their current crop of wide forwards.  90min reported last week that Manchester City had ousted stiff competition and won the race for Argentine starlet Julian Alvarez, and we can now reveal that the club will soon announce the signing. You can read the full story here. Reports in England have recently told of Arsenal's interest in Leicester star Youri Tielemans, who is hesitant over signing a new deal at the King Power Stadium.