Dusan Vlahovic is a name that has floated around the transfer rumour mill for practically the entirety of 2021, courtesy of what was a sensational campaign for the 21-year-old with Fiorentina last season. A haul of 21 Serie A goals for a Viola side who disappointingly finished 13th with a measly 47 goals saw the Serbia international outperform his xG by almost three - so, as you can imagine, some big sides sat up and took notice.  And, with much reported interest over the past few months, and the player turning down a new deal at La Viola, the question has been begged: where could Vlahovic find himself next?  Let's take a look.  Regardless of whether Harry Kane stays or goes in the near future, Nuno Espirito Santo needs more depth up front.With Carlos Vinicius' return to parent club Benfica, Spurs boast only their main man as an option at the top of the pitch so new additions are key in the future - especially if Kane eventually gets his way. Vlahovic is seen as their main target given his vast room for development from an already very prolific campaign last time out. Standing at 6'2 with the ability to drop deep and link play as well as act as the target man, it's easy to see where he'd fit into Espirito Santo's side. Along with Spurs, Atletico Madrid are thought to be interested.Luis Suarez is the club's main striker once more this term, having scored 21 times for Atletico on the way to securing the La Liga crown. However, at 34, the acquisition of another quality striker is a necessary one both for the smoothness of the club's 2021/22 season as well as the long-term. When considering Vlahovic notched the same number of league goals as Suarez last term - although the Uruguayan did have an xG of just 15.6 - there shouldn't be much of a drop in quality and, with the dynamism and creativity around him, the 21-year-old would surely thrive under Diego Simeone.  Another side that are should in the market for a striker is Inter. Edin Dzeko has hit the ground running at San Siro as Romelu Lukaku's short-term replacement, but it's clear that the club need a longer term fix to the problem. Vlahovic could be that.  Inter aren't the only Serie A team eyeing up a move for the Fiorentina marksman, as Juventus have been declared to be in the race (by the Italian media at least). Following the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo, La Vecchia Signora are in dire need of someone who can score goals at a regular rate - something that Vlahovic definitely does. Judging by the fact that the club have previously signed Fiorentina's best player on three other occasions in the past (Roberto Baggio, Federico Bernardeschi, Federico Chiesa), this is a deal that looks possible - and it makes sense too.  In the summer Arsenal were linked with the forward, as a second choice to Tammy Abraham - who ended up going to AS Roma. Vlahovic is unlike any option Arteta already possesses in his squad, which would aid competition for places and also aligns with the club's new 'signing young players only' policy. 