In a bombshell that very few would have expected when the transfer window opened, Neymar could leave Paris Saint-Germain this summer. Club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has spoken openly about wanting to move on from the 'bling-bling' era in the French capital - arguably personified by the Brazilian attacker - and a long-term desire to build an all-Parisian XI at Parc des Princes. Perhaps predictably, those comments are said to have angered Neymar and his camp, and subsequently it has been reported that he could leave PSG. A permanent transfer would be complicated due to the finances that would be required to pull it off. Instead, the idea of a loan has been floated in which part or all of the 30-year-old's    35m wages would be offloaded to his new club. Here are the clubs who just might be interested in such a deal... Barcelona have long twerked in Neymar's direction in a bid to lure him back to the club, but for one reason or another his return has never come to fruition despite what has seemingly been a mutual desire at times. Now, given the Blaugrana's ongoing financial difficulties, this feels like more of a pipe dream than anything else - especially given that that dream frontline of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar is a thing of the distant past. With a list of targets as long as...something long, Barcelona are clearly attempting to strengthen despite a shoestring budget. However, it is unlikely that Neymar would fit within that equation without adding several zeros. Likelihood rating: 2/10 Another one of those clubs to have been sporadically linked with Neymar down the years, but once again the timing may just be off. Bayern have just signed a world-beater in Sadio Mane and the former Liverpool man would occupy a similar area of the pitch to the Brazilian. It's not like they aren't well stocked in that department either, with the likes of Serge Gnabry, Kingsley Coman and Leroy Sane still among their ranks, not to mention rising star Jamal Musiala. That said, Robert Lewandowski's potential exit to aforementioned 'cash-strapped' Barcelona would create a space in the squad, and perhaps raise the need for a marquee, face-saving signing for Bayern's outspoken hierarchy. Likelihood rating: 4/10 Currently living on an airplane, there are very few names who aren't on new Chelsea owner Todd Boehly's radar, and he may see the opportunity to land Neymar as too good to pass up. The Blues have been the club most frequently mentioned in dispatches since the forward's potential availability became apparent - a move his international teammate Thiago Silva would be keen on. However, Neymar's former PSG manager Thomas Tuchel is not believed to be overly keen on a reunion at Stamford Bridge, instead targeting the likes of Raphinha, Raheem Sterling and Ousmane Dembele. Who knows, if other transfers don't come to fruition, Neymar's name must surely be somewhere on Boehly and Tuchel's shortlist - right?! Likelihood rating: 5/10 If there's one club that has the finances and (probably) the desire to get a deal - perhaps even a permanent deal - done, it's Newcastle United. Having already splashed the cash across January and the early days of the summer window, the Magpies new mega-rich owners will be on the lookout for a marquee signing, and - if previous big-money takeovers are anything to go by - a quarter-washed-up 30+ superstar would probably fit the bill. However, if there's one thing you can give Newcastle's new overlord's credit for, it's their shrewd business to date. Neymar's name hardly fits alongside the likes of Kieran Trippier, Bruno Guimaraes and Nick Pope. Whether they want to make a big splash to blow everything else out of the water remains to be seen. Likelihood rating: 6/10 Another club whose name has often shared the gossip column with Neymar's, and those links have resurfaced in recent weeks. The player has never hidden his desire to work alongside renowned City boss Pep Guardiola, but you can't help but think that this ship has sailed. While this was the kind of signing the Citizen's hierarchy would have craved in the earlier years of their tenure, they have probably moved beyond the need for risky statement transfers. City's recent success has been built on the foundations of a hard-working, cohesive team unit, rather than leaning upon any single standout star. Erling Haaland's arrival may change that and Gabriel Jesus' departure creates space in the squad, but at this stage the addition of Neymar would not feel like a step forward regardless of any mutual admiration between player and manager. Likelihood rating: 4/10 If there's one club who LOVE a big-money, risky transfer, it's Manchester United - but once again this opportunity has probably come just too late. New manager Erik ten Hag will surely be looking to move on from the kinds of signings that have burdened United since Sir Alex Ferguson's departure and contributed to their lowest ever Premier League finish last season. Given their off-field problems with cliques and moaning superstars, bringing arguably the biggest ego in world football on board does not seem wise. Likelihood rating: 2/10 Bring those eyebrows down from the ceiling. While a move to 'football's retirement home' may seem a tad premature, Neymar recently revealed he would 'love' to play in MLS once he leaves PSG. He even cited the shorter season, which would give him even more time for holidays and partying. The finances would certainly be there for a number of the league's bigger club's too. It may only be a question of whether he feels he has unfinished business in Europe at this stage, with the Brazilian known to be desperate to win the Champions League again. Likelihood rating: 6/10 Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's impending move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Real Madrid have long dreamt of signing Neymar - even when he was a Barcelona player. However, along with so many other clubs on this list, that desire has waned in recent years. The Brazilian's PSG teammate Kylian Mbappe is now the apple of Los Blancos' eye and they will undoubtedly move for the Frenchman again come summer 2023. In the meantime, Champions League final match-winner Vinicius Jr has made the left-wing role his own at the Bernabeu and looks certain to match or surpass Neymar's career exploits.