Just one more Bobby Firmino moment at Anfield. The Brazilian's final strike on Merseyside may well have only earned Liverpool a point against Unai Emery's impressive Aston Villa, but it was a fitting finale for a player that was so significant during a period of prosperity for Jurgen Klopp's Reds. The tear-jerking scenes that followed post-match were very much justified.  Firmino's equaliser against Villa was his 110th for the club and it could be his last after it was revealed earlier this year that he will be leaving the club following the expiration of his contract at the end of the season.  Sure, his significance to Jurgen Klopp's side has waned in recent times, his exit will be hard felt on Merseyside. What exactly his next adventure will be is unknown, but here are a few possible destinations for Firmino this summer. The Catalan giants are the current bookie's favourite to land Firmino at the end of the season, with several Spanish media outlets believing Barcelona are leading the race.  Bar  a are seemingly in the market for an alternate option to Robert Lewandowski this summer and have been linked with the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and some fella called Lionel Messi who was supposedly pretty handy for them before he joined PSG in 2021.  Bar  a's crippling debt has rendered free agents incredibly attractive from their perspective, but reuniting with Messi is reportedly the club's priority. However, should the hefty finances involved compromise any deal for the Argentine, Firmino could emerge as a financially shrewder alternative.  Lewandowski's proficiency would mean the 31-year-old operates as a back-up in Catalonia. manual Barcelona's Clasico rivals are also said to be in the hunt.  After spearheading Real Madrid's remarkable Champions League success in 2021/22, injuries took their took on 35-year-old Karim Benzema this season and the club desperately needs to a striker option or two this summer.  Brazilian hotshot Endrick will join the club in 2024, but Real can't rely on a teenager with no experience in Europe, as talented as he is, to spearhead their new era right away. Thus, Firmino, while perhaps not operating as the club's first choice, could be a useful stop-gap between Benzema and Endrick.  Romelu Lukaku is ending the season in fine form, but the Nerazzurri's financial situation means it's unlikely the Belgian will be on their books next season.  Simone Inzaghi has several forward options, including Lautaro Martinez, Joaquin Correa, and Edin Dzeko, but there's no doubt Inter will at least attempt to bring in a replacement for Lukaku.  While Firmino differs drastically in profile from the Belgian, he represents a cheap option for the Italian club. Inzaghi's options means he wouldn't be required to play week in, week out, but he could play a prominent role for the Nerazzurri during the twilight phase of his career. Inter's crosstown rivals are also believed to be fans of Firmino and are set to be in the market for a forward this summer. The Brazilian's former teammate, Divock Origi, has struggled to find any rhythm during his first season in Milan, while Charles De Ketelaere has endured a forgettable start to his career in Italy. With Olivier Giroud turning 37 at the start of the 2023/24 campaign, the Rossoneri have got to be thinking about succession plans this summer. Like Inter, Milan aren't blessed with heaps of cash right now and won't want to spend a huge amount on an alternative forward option, especially if they're going to tie down Rafael Le £o for the long haul with a bumper new contract. Firmino could be an astute option for the current Scudetto holders. The 31-year-old could operate as a number ten within Stefano Pioli's framework while Giroud remains on the club's books. Firmino is bound to receive plenty of proposals from outside of Europe with MLS and the emerging Saudi frontier being potential destinations for the Liverpool legend.  Reports emerged in April of MLS new boys St Louis City making a formal approach for the Brazilian, and there's confidence within the American club's camp that they can strike a deal. 