It's every Football Manager player's favourite time of the season. It's time to snap up some free agents. 2021 has seen some big names walk away from their clubs, and almost all of them have gone to PSG. Gianluigi Donnarumma, Sergio Ramos, Georginio Wijnaldum and a certain Lionel Messi have already landed in the French capital for a grand total of  £0. That doesn't mean that all the fun options are gone. There are still a handful of big names on the market, as well as plenty of solid options and a handful of promising youngsters as well. Let's take a look at who's available. Last club: Manchester UnitedFinally released from his private hell at Old Trafford, Romero can now find a new team who might appreciate him a little more.A move to Granada had been on the cards but collapsed at the last second. Last club: Atletico MadridFive years after joining the club, Werner leaves Atletico having managed just three appearances for the Rojiblancos.Having conceded no fewer than 16 goals in his seven La Liga appearances, you get the sense that Werner may struggle to find another gig like Atletico. Last club: SevillaA member of the club of disasterous Barcelona signings, Vidal has struggled to piece himself together again after his spell at Camp Nou.There are suggestions that the right-back might be leaving Spain, with a switch to Turkey, Portugal or even England on the cards. Last club: Aston VillaNow 33, Elmohamady is on the hunt for a new side after seeing his minutes taken by Matty Cash at Villa.With nearly 200 Premier League games under his belt and over 150 in the Championship, the Egyptian's appeal is clear to see. Last club: Bayern MunichBoateng was a regular starter for the Bundesliga champions last season but called it quits after ten years with Bayern.He's approaching 33 now, so he might not be a long-term option, but he's still got a few years left in him. Last club: NapoliA regular squad player for Napoli, centre-back Maksimovic has attracted interest from across Europe.Rumours of a move to the Premier League are rife, with West Ham and Tottenham reportedly keen. Last club: ArsenalHe might be 34 and guilty of a boatload of mental lapses, but Luiz's top-flight experience will appeal to somebody.Luiz has rebuffed rumours he could retire and is instead keen to continue his career in Europe. Last club: TorinoAt 31, Nkoulou's best days might be behind him, but he still brings plenty of veteran experience.There have been suggestions he could link up with old favourite Marcelo Bielsa at Leeds. Last club: ValenciaRemembered as one of the biggest disasters in recent Premier League history, Mangala did a pretty underwhelming job of rebuilding himself in Spain.Injuries ravaged his 2020/21 campaign and you get the sense that his chances of a big move might be gone. Last club: SchalkeWith Schalke tumbling into the 2. Bundesliga, Mustafi is back on the hunt for a new club, but he'll need to convince a suitor that the last 12 months have just been a blip.The latest rumours have revolved around a possible switch to Genoa. Last club: Crystal PalaceCahill rediscovered his fitness towards the end of the season and will have given some newly promoted sides something to think about.He has rejected a new offer from Palace and is now looking to take his experience elsewhere, with Rangers and West Ham often linked. Last club: Eintracht FrankfurtWillems is yet to play a match since picking up a nasty knee injury with Newcastle in January 2020.He did make it back to Frankfurt's bench last season, so the left-back will hope to get his career going again this year. Last club: SevillaGood enough for a backup role at Sevilla last season, Escudero will hope to find another top side prepared to give him a similar spot.He could even drop down a level if he wants to be a regular starter. The 31-year-old will have plenty of offers to do both. Last club: RennesGrenier has plenty of experience being a squad player and could be a valuable backup for any side.He's most likely to stay in France - a return to Lyon is an option - but could be swayed by an offer from elsewhere. Last club: Spezia CalcioIt wasn't too long ago that the idea of Ricci making the Italian national team wasn't totally out of the question.The 27-year-old is now a free agent and there have been a few links to other Italian teams, including Sampdoria and Fiorentina. Last club: BournemouthNow 29, Wilshere ended last season as a core part of the Bournemouth squad.His days at the top level look to be over, but plenty of Championship sides should be keen. He's been training with Wayne Rooney's Derby County. Last club: CelticThree years after rejecting a  £13m bid from Porto, Celtic opted to terminate Ntcham's contract and allow him to walk away for free.Now 25 and coming off the back of an underwhelming loan with Marseille, Ntcham is looking for a new home to get his career back on track. Last club: SchalkeStill somehow just 26 years old, Bentaleb was powerless to prevent Schalke from slipping as a groin injury ended his season prematurely.A return to the Premier League has been mooted, with Burnley tipped to offer him a fresh chance. Last club: BarcelonaBarcelona still want 20-year-old midfielder Orellana to sign an extension, but he's yet to be convinced.Injuries haven't always been kind to the youngster, but his potential is clear to see. Last club: BarcelonaIt's the same deal for Busquets. He's been offered an extension but is yet to take it.The 22-year-old was once seen as one of the gems of La Masia, only for injuries and a slump in form to see his career stagnate somewhat. Last club: BrightonIzquierdo didn't really hit the heights expected of him in England.He might struggle to find another Premier League buyer, but there is interest from across the continent in the speedy wide man. Last club: FiorentinaRibery has spoken of his disappointment at being released by Fiorentina, who were no longer prepared to commit to the 38-year-old.A return to the Bundesliga could be on the cards, and recent rumours have suggested Bayern Munich could be keen on an emotional reunion. Last club: BordeauxMr The-Streets-Will-Never-Forget himself, Ben Arfa is a free agent for the fifth time in six years.Now 34, Ben Arfa is expected to remain in France. Last club: SampdoriaRamirez is keen to extend his stay in Italy, but there could be interest from England because of his vast experience there.The former Southampton and Hull man was last seen in the Premier League playing for Middlesbrough in 2017. Last club: BragaThis might be the last chance for Manchester United to land their longest of long-term targets.The 33-year-old, who used to be a regular in the rumour mill, has just left Braga after spending a year as a squad player. Last club: EvertonA solid spell on loan with Middlesbrough last season should be enough to earn Bolasie another decent contract.Remaining in the Championship seems most likely for Bolasie, but he could be worth a risk from a new top-flight side.