Zlatan Ibrahimovic has vowed to continue playing at the top level for as long as his body will allow, and that he's relishing the opportunity to help Milan become a driving force in Italian football once again. The 39-year-old has been in stunning from this campaign, scoring in every one of his six league appearances this season - a run which has seen him rack up ten goals in just six games. Having moved to LA Galaxy in 2018, many had tipped the former Sweden international to be heading towards retirement, however, Ibrahimovic insists he will continue playing football for as long as possible. "I'll keep going until I can't do these things I'm doing," he told BBC Sport. "I just have to keep physically good and the rest will be solved by itself." Having only managed to secure a Europa League spot after a disappointing sixth place finish in the 2019/20 Serie A, I Rossoneri have taken a surprise early lead in the race for this season's Scudetto. However, Ibrahimovic is keen for his side not to get carried away with their solid early season form. "We are in unbelievable form - we are doing great, we're doing good, but still we haven't won anything, we have to keep that in mind," he added. The veteran striker is currently enjoying his second spell at Milan and, while he concedes the club is in a very different position to when he first signed, he's relishing the opportunity to help them rebuild. "The first time I came to Milan I came to a club fighting for the title, the second time I came it was in a situation to bring the club and the team back to the top where it belongs," he said. "It's a different challenge, it's a challenge I like, because when they say it's too difficult, it's almost impossible, that's where I come in the picture and that's where I feel alive. "If I can succeed and if I'm able to do what I think I can do, the feedback is amazing, the feeling is amazing because it's a bigger achievement than coming to a top team that is already top. I'm very motivated." Ibrahimovic suffered a potentially career-ending knee injury during his time at Manchester United, and he believes the spell on the sidelines while at Old Trafford has given him the hunger to want to continue playing.