Jadon Sancho is one of eight Borussia Dortmund stars who could leave the club in the summer, should the German giants fail to qualify for the Champions League for next season.  Der BVB famously fought off the Manchester United's advances for the 20-year-old last year, but their decision to reject bids of more than    100m now appears to be one they may regret.  The England star has performed below expectations this campaign, with many attributing this dip to his failed move to the Premier League.  And according to German outlet WAZ, Sancho could land his move to Old Trafford in the summer due to Dortmund's current financial predicament, and a bid of around    100m ( £88m) would be enough to sign the starlet.  The German outfit are deeply concerned over the lack of income in the past 12 months, having lost    26m in TV revenue, as well as a lack of ticket sales due to the coronavirus outbreak. A poor start to the season has exacerbated these fears, and they could miss out on a further    75m if they don't qualify for the Champions League.  Dortmund are currently lying in sixth place, four points off the top four, meaning the pressure is on their stars to bank a place in Europe's biggest tournament over the second half of the season.  Should they fail to do so however, Der BVB have made a list of eight saleable assets who would balance the books for the next year - and Sancho is one of them. The previous price quoted of    120m is now believed to be 'questionable' given the forward's poor form, and Dortmund would be 'satisfied with less' this time round.  Axel Witsel, Manuel Akanji, Mahmoud Dahoud, Giovanni Reyna, Jude Bellingham, Raphael Guerreiro and star striker Erling Haaland are also on the list. As revealed by 90min in January, United have not given up hope of signing the England international, and his poor form is not enough to deter them from their relentless pursuit.  In addition to United, the likes of Chelsea and Liverpool have also been linked with Sancho in recent months though it is Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side who are seen as by far the most likely destination. News of Dortmund's precarious finances will have further pricked ears across the continent, especially with Sky Sports Germany's Max Bielefeld reporting that crown-jewel Sancho's exit is '90%' likely. 