It was only a matter of time before rumours of a reunion between Harry Kane and Mauricio Pochettino at Paris Saint-Germain started to surface. It's go time. It was under Pochettino that Kane blossomed into one of the finest strikers in world football at Tottenham, but despite all the individual success they enjoyed, Kane is still yet to win a trophy in his career. With PSG a trophy-winning machine in France, the links sort of wrote themselves, but The Mirror take it one step further and claim that Kane and Pochettino have been in contact over WhatsApp, and their close relationship has left the PSG boss keen to link up once again. As it stands, there is no way PSG would be able to sign Kane. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is thought to be looking for somewhere in excess of  £150m before he even considers parting ways with his talisman, and that's not going to happen for PSG just yet. However, if PSG offloaded either Kylian Mbappe or Neymar, things would look a lot different. Neymar is thought to be close to signing a new four-year contract at the Parc des Princes, but doubts still remain over the future of Mbappe, who has just 18 months left on his contract and is yet to really show any desire to stay. A move to Real Madrid this summer was nailed-on before the COVID-19 outbreak crippled Real's finances, but if Mbappe does end up sealing a surprise move away, it's thought that Pochettino will look to splash out on Kane. Kane has made it clear that he is loyal to Spurs but has never hidden his frustration towards the lack of trophies, and if PSG hit up Levy's phone with a  £150m bid, things might end up moving quite quickly, but it's a big if. The main problem with this one is that Mbappe is highly unlikely to leave this summer, and particularly not for anywhere close to that  £150m mark. Real simply do not have that money lying about these days, and there aren't many sides who could swallow a  £150m spend after a year of little-to-no ticket revenue, so most of the reports on Mbappe's future now centre around how he will probably be a PSG player next year as well. From signing a new contract with a Real release clause to entering the final 12 months of his deal and waiting before making a final decision on his future, we've had a whole host of different rumours about Mbappe's future, so it seems pretty clear that nobody actually knows what's going on.