Newcastle are eager to keep Valentino Lazaro at the club, while they have also expressed an interest in Sheffield United   s Chris Basham. Lazaro joined the Magpies on loan from Inter in January, but will return to Italy after the culmination of the current season. While he is set to be part of Antonio Conte   s plans, his St. James    Park stay could be further extended this summer. According to Sky Sport Italia, Newcastle want to hold talks over a new loan deal for Lazaro. However, they would face competition for the 24-year-old, with some unnamed Bundesliga clubs also interested in signing him. Lazaro joined Inter from Hertha Berlin last summer, yet only managed 11 appearances for the Nerazzurri. He was loaned out to Newcastle five months later, impressing under Steve Bruce with two goals in 13 games on Tyneside. The Austrian midfielder will depart for Milan at the end of July, after Newcastle   s final game of the season against champions Liverpool. However, the Magpies still have the option to buy Lazaro for  £20m, though seem more inclined to extend his loan spell. Lazaro can play across the pitch, featuring as a full-back, wide midfielder and a right winger this season. The 24-year-old has international experience to his name, earning 28 caps for Austria and playing a key role in their qualification for the European Championships. The Serie A loanee is not the only player Bruce is eyeing up, with Chris Basham of Sheffield United also on his radar. The Daily Mail report that Newcastle are interested in signing Basham, whose Blades contract expires next summer. Burnley are also keen to bring in the 31-year-old, with the two potentially set to face off to sign the centre-back. Basham has been at Sheffield United for six years, joining from then Championship side Blackpool in 2014. The Englishman has played every single Premier League game this season, as Chris Wilder   s side sit eighth with two games to go. Newcastle could do with a defensive investment, with Basham valued at a bargain price of  £2m. The Magpies have conceded the sixth most goals in the league, while Sheffield United have the joint-second best record in the top flight.