Real Madrid are closing in on the signing of Palmeiras' teenage sensation Endrick. Los Blancos are expected to pay a package which could total over    70m for the 16-year-old - way more than they agreed to pay for Vinicius Junior in 2017 when he was also 16. No pressure, kid. But despite this huge transfer outlay, Real Madrid fans won't be able to get a glimpse of Endrick in the famous white jersey until the start of the 2024/25 season. Why is this? Harry Symeou hosts Scott Saunders, Sean Walsh, Ali Rampling and Brian Goldfarb to look back on the 2014 World Cup finals in Brazil - join us! If you can   t see the podcast embed, click  here  to download or listen to the episode in full! Endrick will not be able to play for Real Madrid until 2024 due to laws regarding international transfers. Players can only move to a team in a new country where they aren't a national once they turn 18. In the case of Endrick, this won't be until July 2024. In the mean time, he will stay with Palmeiras and continue plying his trade for the Periquito Verde. There are often technicalities which allow international transfers of players who have not yet turned 18. For example, if the player's parents move to the country of the interested club for reasons that are not related to football (such as for their own career), then a transfer could be granted by FIFA. If the player is registering as a player for the first time in a country where they are not a national, then a transfer would be prohibited. However, if they have lived in that country for the last five years, then the 'five year rule' would come into effect and a transfer go through. Minors are able to move between countries which have certain geographical and political agreements - for example, a 16-year-old would be able to switch between two sides who are both in the European Union. However, the new club must be able to provide academic education and liveable accommodation. If a player lives less than 50km away from the national border of the interested club, then this may also be taken into consideration. Unfortunately for Real Madrid fans, these conditions do not apply to Endrick. Yes, and they both involve current stars of Real Madrid.