Leicester City have been suggested among a number of clubs in the running to land unwanted Barcelona forward Luis Suarez,. The 33-year-old   s Barcelona future is in jeopardy, after new manager Ronald Koeman is reported to have told the striker that he is not in his plans for the coming season.  With Suarez   s contract expiring next year, he looks set to leave the Camp Nou this summer and could even have his contract terminated early to help ease Barcelona's financial issues. According to MARCA, Leicester are one of the clubs interested in Suarez, who spent three and a half seasons in England with Liverpool. Despite a disappointing end to the season, Suarez had another impressive season with Barcelona, scoring 21 goals and  registering 12 assists in 36 appearances. Those figures came despite a string of injury problems which reduced his gametime last season, including a knee surgery which kept the Uruguayan sidelined for five months. A move to Leicester would mark a shock return to the Premier League for Suarez, six years on from departing Liverpool. The veteran striker would be reunited with former boss Brendan Rodgers at the King Power Stadium, playing in a league where he scored 69 goals in 110 appearances.   However, there are (understandably) concerns over how much Leicester can afford to pay, with Suarez currently reported to be on an astounding    450,000 a week at Bar  a.  The Foxes also already have one of the top flight   s finest strikers in Jamie Vardy, with the Englishman signing a contract extension until 2023 after winning the Premier League Golden Boot in 2019/20.   Leicester are not the only club interested in Suarez, with Italian champions Juventus also said to have expressed an interest in the 33-year-old. The Bianconeri will be searching for a new striker, having let go of Gonzalo Higuain earlier this week.  Ajax too are also reported to be lining up a reunion with Suarez, bringing him back to the Netherlands after nine years. in addition, Suarez is also in contention with a shock move to MLS, with Inter Miami interested. He has previously spoken of ending his career in the United States, though it is unknown whether he is ready to make his final move there.