The football might be back, but the transfer nonsense is still coming in thick and fast. Chelsea bidding  £50m for Dean Henderson? Go on then, why not.  In case you need a short refresher with English football literally just back on our screens this week, Sheffield United have surpassed just about every expectation we might possibly have had of them upon their return to the top flight - and at the heart of all their success has been Henderson.  The keeper, having played a starring role in getting the Blades back into the top flight last term, made the level-headed decision to continue his development in Yorkshire, and it has paid off. Since returning from Manchester for a second loan spell, he has racked up 11 Premier League clean sheets - a league high at the 30-game mark.  Dean Henderson records his 11th clean sheet of the Premier League season, putting him joint-first in the race for the Golden Glove ? pic.twitter.com/wgLNbN1LAg His string of impressive performances have seemingly lined him up as a potential heir-apparent to David de Gea, who continues to field criticism for his form - most recently for some limp keeping that gifted Steven Bergwijn an opening goal in Friday's 1-1 draw at Spurs.  Henderson's future may be tied directly to De Gea's, but whatever happens, United will have a major decision to make. The Old Trafford side have considered a permanent sale to the Blades, but only with the inclusion of a buy-back clause that could see him return for a fraction of his potential future value     and even then, 90min reported recently that United are looking at handing him a new long-term deal. But The Sun have other ideas, and believe that it's Chelsea - and not Sheffield United - who are looking most likely to lure him away.  They go as far as to claim that the Blues are prepared to offer as much as  £50m, and as such are locked in a 'tug of war' with his parent club - a pretty dramatic metaphor, considering United are under no substantial pressure to sell to anyone, let alone a direct rival.  However flimsy, the story may hold a morsel or two of merit. Football.London have previously claimed that Frank Lampard may consider replacing Kepa Arrizabalaga, and Henderson, on the face of it, seems to fit the Blues' bill - given that he's young, English, and obviously very talented.  But seems unlikely that the 23-year-old, given how difficult and pricey he would be to attain, would be their primary target if they do find themselves on the hunt for a new stopper. Ajax's Andre Onana, a far more proven option with Champions League and title-winning experience under his belt, seems likely to be top of the bill.