Lionel Messi may put up with Barcelona until 2023, when he could depart for the United States in order to tie relocation in with his children's education. Meanwhile, it is also reported that Messi has already bought a luxury apartment in the city of Miami. The Argentinian's Barcelona future has been the topic of speculation since he handed in a transfer request during the summer of 2020 following a turbulent season at Camp Nou. However, Messi was ultimately unable to force an exit due to the contractual stumbling block of his    700m release clause. The forward's Barcelona contract expires in the summer of 2021, and although he has insisted that he will not enter into negotiations with another club until then, he did reveal his desire to try his hand in another league before he retires - and name dropped the United States as an example. Reports since surfaced to suggest that the mention of the United States was not just an innocent, passing comment. Messi is said to have spoken to former Barcelona teammate Luis Suarez about teaming up once more at Inter Miami - the MLS side owned by David Beckham. According to Spanish news outlet Cadena Ser, the 33-year-old could hold out on a move to Miami until 2023 in order for his children to attend high school in the United States prior to going to university. Messi has three children, currently aged eight, five and two.  La decepci  n de Messi. #LaCasadelF  tbol pic.twitter.com/bfahuPsu60 The culture in the States, the education his children would receive and the MLS is all said to be an 'attractive' prospect for the Barcelona man. The report drops in that the six-time Ballon d'Or winner purchased an apartment in the exclusive Sunny Isles area of Miami a year and a half ago, located in the luxurious Porsche Design Tower - a 25-minute drive from the Inter Miami stadium. ??? @PonsetiRadio, sobre el futuro de Messi en EE.UU.?"Hace a  o y medio, Messi estaba en mi mismo barrio comprando un apartamento en el edificio Porsche"?"Si ha pedido todo lujo de detalles el precio no est   por debajo de los 8 millones de euros"https://t.co/cyeReyyReI pic.twitter.com/vFRqx4PcSL