It's here. It's transfer deadline day. The clock is ticking for teams looking to make one last splash to get them through to the summer. Clubs across Europe are all working to find that last missing piece of the puzzle, but different leagues will see their windows shut at different times, and tracking who can still dip their toe into the water can get a little tough. Here's a breakdown of the deadlines (GMT) each major league is working to. The Premier League will give teams plenty of time to get their deals done, keeping the window open until 23:00 (GMT). Things usually drag on well into the night in England. If they reach an agreement to sign a player, teams can submit a deal sheet to the Premier League to give them a short extension to get the paperwork signed. Liverpool are scrambling to sign two centre-backs and Manchester United are hopeful of offloading some more of their fringe players, so there's definitely plenty to keep you entertained until the window closes. Teams in Spain will get every last second of their day to get deals done. La Liga sides will get until one minute before midnight to finalise their business, which in GMT, will see their window close at 22:59. That doesn't mean the signings will stop tonight, however. Barcelona might get an injury in a few weeks and decide they need an emergency window to poach a struggling team's best player to stay afloat. Hi, Martin Braithwaite. It's 19:00 for Serie A sides, who are sensible enough to know that everything should be done in time for those involved to get a good night's sleep when all is said and done. We've seen AC Milan signing players left, right and centre this winter - could there be any more new faces at San Siro? There better be no hanging about in Germany today. If a Bundesliga team wants to sign a player, they've got to get it done by 17:00. That time frame could be crucial for teams looking to buy from Germany as well. Liverpool are interested in Schalke centre-back Ozan Kabak, but he will only be released if the German side can find a replacement in time. Like the Bundesliga, Ligue 1 has also asked their 20 teams to have everything sorted out by 17:00. One of the biggest deals in France could involve Barcelona centre-back Jean-Clair Todibo, who is expected to cut short his loan with Benfica to join Nice. Taking the term 'deadline day' literally, Scottish sides will have the full 24 hours to get their signings done before the window closes at 00:00.