Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe has admitted he is still weighing up his options and is yet to make a decision on his future, potentially leaving the door open for Real Madrid - although talks about signing a new contract at Parc des Princes have taken place. Mbappe became the second most expensive player of all time in a deal worth up to    180m when he made his PSG move permanent in 2018 following an initial loan from Monaco. He has scored 83 goals since the start of the 2018/19 campaign alone and is widely regarded as a world class talent. ?? @KMbappe could retire right now and still have had a career which 99% of players could only dream of.??????? ?? ????? ????? | #W2WC But his future has become the subject of increasing uncertainty. The 22-year-old has entered the final 18 months of his contract and PSG may be forced to sell if he decides he is ready for a fresh challenge elsewhere. Similarly, it has been rumoured that PSG could consider sacrificing Mbappe if they are to push ahead with ambitious summer plans to sign Lionel Messi, and possibly even Sergio Aguero as well. Mbappe addressed his future following a brace in PSG   s Friday night win over Marseille, making clear that he is still trying to make up his mind to stay or go.    We are in discussions with the club to try to find a suitable project. I said I was thinking about it because I think that   if I sign it would have to be a long-term commitment to Paris Saint-Germain,    he told French broadcaster Telefoot.    I am very happy here. I have always been very happy. The supporters and the club have always helped me and for that alone I will always be grateful. But I want to think about what I want to do in the coming years, where I want to be. That's what I am reflecting on.    I will need to make a decision soon but I am thinking about it. If I had the answer right now, I would give it. I don't want to sign a contract and say a year later that I want to leave. If I sign it is to stay and that deserves time to reflect on my decision.    Real Madrid are seen as Mbappe   s most likely destination should he leave PSG and it was recently rumoured that the Spanish giants already have a plan or    operation    in place for a transfer. Los Blancos are banking on Mbappe not resisting the offer of a new contract, further supressing his value which has been estimated at a shade under    150m in the circumstances. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) Real have been badly hit in the pocket by the coronavirus pandemic, but the club hopes to raise funds to buy Mbappe by trying to sell Gareth Bale, Marcelo, Isco, Luka Jovic, Brahim Diaz and Dani Ceballos for between    100m and    150m. Any further capital needed will be financed by a loan. Removing several high earners from the wage bill in the process should also mean that Real have little problem offering Mbappe the kind of salary he would expect.