Manchester United have confirmed that Brandon Williams has put pen to paper on a new four-year deal at the club, with the option of a further year.  Williams - who joined United's academy at the age of seven and has worked his way up - has enjoyed an excellent 2019/20 season for the Red Devils, making 33 appearances in all competitions and providing competition for first choice left-back Luke Shaw.  A breakthrough campaign ?Following a fine debut season, Brandon Williams has been rewarded with a new deal ?#MUFC Equally capable of playing at left and right-back, the 19-year-old has proven to be a valuable squad player for manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this term. The Englishman has now been rewarded for his fine form in 2019/20, with Man Utd confirming on their official website that he has signed a new four-year deal with the option of a further year.  "Signing this contract is another really proud moment for myself and my family. Having been at Manchester United since I was seven years old, it   s genuinely a dream come true to be playing in the first team," Williams said. "It has taken a huge amount of hard work to reach this point and it has been really special for me to break through into the squad.  Another proud moment for me to sign a new deal with the team I   ve loved since I can remember       @manchesterunited #BW53 A post shared by  Brandon Williams (@branwilliams) on Aug 4, 2020 at 7:06am PDT    I   ve learned a lot throughout the season from the manager, his coaching staff and my team-mates and I want to repay the trust that they have all shown in me. I know that everyone at the club is working really hard every day to achieve success in the coming years and I am really excited to be a part of that.     Discussing Williams' new contract, Solskjaer was keen to highlight not only the obvious talent the defender has, but equally his attitude and desire to continue improving as attributes that will allow him to flourish at the club. Solskjaer added:    Brandon has had an excellent first season, so we are delighted that he has signed a new contract. This new deal is a real testament to his hard work and the progress that he has made since his debut. 