Tottenham have begun informal talks with the representatives of Lyon midfielder Houssem Aouar over a potential move to north London. The highly rated Frenchman is one of a number of players who has been linked with a move away from the Ligue 1 outfit amid the club's financial uncertainty, having scored eight goals and assisted four in 33 appearances last season. Sky Sports report that Spurs have opened informal talks with the 23-year-old's representatives over a possible switch to Nuno Espirito Santo's side. Aouar's current deal with Lyon runs until the summer of 2023, although given the financial struggles that French football finds itself in, Spurs would still be likely to acquire their target for a comparatively lesser fee. The talented playmaker has previously attracted vast interest with Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid all being linked earlier in the summer. Although Spurs entered the race for his signature later than their competitors, it would now seem that talks have begun. The player himself is open to a move although would reportedly prefer Champions League football, having helped Lyon to a fourth-placed finish in the French top flight and Europa League qualification last term. As a result, Aouar is willing to bide his time and see what options he is given next summer, when he will undoubtedly have his pick from a greater pool of suitors - although Lyon will likely be keen to sell as soon as possible given he'll be entering the final year of his contract at the end of the 2021/22 campaign. Should the Frenchman switch to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this window, he would join Bryan Gil from Sevilla, and Pierluigi Gollini and Cristian Romero from Atalanta through the door. Aouar is not the only potential new addition in the final stages of this summer's transfer window for Tottenham, either. Espirito Santo's side are close to securing a deal for Metz starlet Pape Matar Sarr, while also maintaining interest in Wolves' Adama Traore, Chelsea's Kurt Zouma, Cagliari's Nahitan Nandez and PSV Eindhoven's Noni Madueke.