Real Madrid signing Arda Guler has ruled out immediately leaving the club on loan following completion of his    20m transfer from Fenerbahce. Guler has put pen to paper on a six-year contract with Real and has been assigned the club   s number 24 shirt for the forthcoming season. But having only turned 18 in February and with just 51 senior club games under his belt, there have already been doubts about his playing time. In a similar position after arriving from Brazil aged 18, Vinicius Junior initially started out with Real Madrid Castilla. Martin Odegaard was younger, just 16, when he joined Los Blancos, but also went down the path of playing games for the junior squad. Within a couple of months his debut season starting, Vinicius was getting first-team chances though. In Madrid to undergo his medical and officially sign his contract at the Bernabeu alongside club president Florentino Perez, Guler was also presented to the media. He was bullish about his hopes amid significant competition for places in midfield. "I won't leave on loan, this is not an option. I want to stay and play for Real Madrid," he said. "I'm ready to compete and I'm going to earn my position, I'm going to give it everything to earn my place at the club. I want to stay and play here. If I get a chance to play I will take it. I'm not contemplating any other possibility. I've been offered to play and that's what I'm going to do." feed Guler, a central midfielder, represents the future with Real. Toni Kroos and Luka Modric have each signed new contracts since the end of last season, but at 33 and almost 38 respectively, neither living legend will be part of the squad for much longer. Kroos has often hinted about retiring in 2024. Real had already moved this summer to bring down the age of the group, signing Jude Bellingham in a transfer that could surpass    130m. Eduardo Camavinga and Aurelien Tchouameni, 20 and 23 respectively, have also both been signed within the last two years. Guler is looking forward to sharing a dressing room with Modric, while he also has a pre-existing relationship with former Real star Mesut Ozil. "For me,  Modric  is the best midfielder in the world and I'm going to take this opportunity to learn everything from him. I have a lot of respect for him," the teenager said. "[Ozil] told me that  Real Madrid  is the greatest club in the world. We have a brotherly relationship and he's always spoken highly of the club and given me good advice."