Manchester City are closing in on the signing of Bournemouth star Nathan Ak  , after the defender reached an agreement on personal terms with the former Premier League champions. The Citizens and the Cherries have been in talks over a deal for the Netherlands international since the season ended, with the clubs settling on a transfer fee of around  £40m. Fabrizio Romano reports that Ak  's switch to the Etihad Stadium is now a 'done deal', explaining that the two sides have reached a 'total agreement,' and the defender will undergo his medical in the coming days. Nathan Ak   to Manchester City is a done deal, confirmed.Total agreement between Man City and Bournemouth, personal terms ok and medicals on next days.Here we go! ?? #MCFC #ManCity #transfers https://t.co/6yVEsxuyV2 The Dutch centre back made 29 league appearances for Bournemouth this year, scoring two goals, but he was unable to prevent the south coast side from suffering a final day relegation to the Championship. Ak   arrived from Chelsea on an initial season-long loan in 2016, but his impressive performances led to the Cherries buying him outright. His rapid rise as a Premier League star has seen him recognised at on the international stage too, making 13 appearances at senior level for the Netherlands. His track record was evidence enough for City to make their move. Pep Guardiola is keen to bolster his defensive options ahead of the 2020/21 season, after losing nine league matches this campaign while showing serious lapses in concentration at the back. England international John Stones has fallen out of favour, while Nicolas Otamendi rarely delivers assured performances. So, a move for Ak   seems an obvious choice, given his age, promising signs of development, and his ability to slot in at left back if need be. However, he may not be the only defender to arrive at the Etihad Stadium this summer.  City have prioritised the signing of the Bournemouth star over the possibility of landing Kalidou Koulibaly, as relations between the Premier League giants and Napoli are not exceptionally strong.