Tottenham are confident they will re-sign Christian Eriksen on a free transfer this summer but a deal hinges on Champions League qualification and Antonio Conte's future, 90min understands. Eriksen has been in top form since he signed for Brentford back in January, with the Bees winning all five games the Dane has started and escaping the threat of a relegation battle. 90min first reported earlier this month that Brentford were facing a real battle to convince Eriksen to sign an extension to his initial six-month contract, and we can now reveal that former club Spurs are confident of finalising a deal to bring him back to north London. However, such a transfer is dependent on two things. The first and most important aspect is the future of head coach Conte, who Eriksen is keen to work with again having won last season's Serie A title together at Inter. The Italian tactician has teased that he could leave the club if his ambitions are not matched at times this season, particularly off the back of losses and amid Spurs' inconsistent run in the winter. However, Conte has appeared calmer about his future at the club in recent weeks. Spurs' pending qualification for next season's Champions League is also understood to be a major factor in a potential deal for Eriksen, and a top-four finish remains in their hands as we enter the final stretch of the Premier League season. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders  &  Graeme Bailey.  Toby Cudworth  joins the show this week to discuss contract situations at West Ham, while there are updates on Man City's pursuit of Erling Haaland and Chelsea's plans for Romelu Lukaku, while the crew react to Erik ten Hag's appointment. Brentford head coach Thomas Frank has repeatedly insisted that Eriksen's future will not be decided until the end of the season, but ahead of the Bees' meeting with Tottenham, put forward some arguments as to why he would reject other clubs to stay in west London. "If [he leaves] for money or the Champions League, obviously then we can   t compete. I know that Christian in this moment in time is enjoying his football and I   m happy that he   s enjoying playing here. Hopefully he likes the environment, the atmosphere we have in the club, and if he chooses us in the end I hope it   s because he   s ambitious and wants to end as high as possible and push the team," Frank said.