Manchester United have fought off competition from some of Europe's biggest sides to agree a professional contract with 17-year-old academy starlet Shola Shoretire. Shoretire, who held the record for being the youngest player in UEFA Youth League history until it was broken by Dortmund sensation Youssoufa Moukoko in 2019, has enjoyed a hugely impressive season with United, stepping up to the Under-23 side despite his young age. 14 years, 10 months, 10 days ?Shola Shoretire became the youngest ever Man Utd player to ever appear in a official youth league/cup game. pic.twitter.com/1ySRM9nJBc The teenager's rise to prominence has been tracked by the likes of Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain, but according to the Daily Mail, Shoretire sees his long-term future at Old Trafford. He is expected to sign his new contract with United in the coming days, and while there's no mention of the terms on offer, the deal is expected to 'underline just how much he is valued' by the club. Shoretire has regularly been training with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's first team this season and has regularly been tipped to make his senior debut either this season or next, and United have worked tirelessly to convince him that there is a place for him at Old Trafford. Marcus Rashford, Mason Greenwood and former United man Michael Owen are all believed to have spoken to Shoretire about his contract situation to help persuade the teenager to put pen to paper, and it seems as though they have done exactly that. There were fears that the level of competition for places in Shoretire's position could convince him to leave. When it comes to wingers, United already have Rashford, Greenwood and Daniel James, while they committed to spending close to  £50m to sign young duo Amad Diallo and Facundo Pellistri in the summer. However, despite those lucrative arrivals, United remain committed to Shoretire and have promised him a fair shot to prove himself in Solskjaer's senior side. Shoretire isn't the only academy gem making waves at United. He played in the recent 6-3 win over Liverpool's Under-23's, but it was Diallo and new signing Joe Hugill who stole the headlines by combining for all six goals.