Brentford have confirmed the signing of Netherlands goalkeeper Mark Flekken from Freiburg. The Bees have moved swiftly to finalise a long-term replacement for David Raya, who has confirmed his desire to leave to compete for titles and in Europe. Brentford have publicly set a  £40m price tag for the Spain international and 90min understands Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur are all considering a move for him. However, Brentford will not be pressured into a sale and could keep Raya until the end of his contract, which expires in 2024. In the meantime, Flekken has joined the west London side on a four-year deal off the back of a fine season at Freiburg. Speaking to Brentford's club channels, Flekken said: "I'm very excited. It's a whole new chapter for me and the next big step in my career.   "I'm really looking forward to my time here at Brentford and it's really lovely to be here. "If you had told me seven years ago when I was in the third division of Germany that, one day, I would be playing in the Premier League, I would have probably knocked you down!   "But it's a dream come true and my next big step. And I hope we can take the next steps as a squad and as a club as well. "I've spoken with [Thomas Frank] a few times and even exchanged some text messages with him recently. "He's a really, really good guy and a great coach, as I'm hearing from everywhere, so I   m looking forward to meeting him more closely. "He told me that I would be a perfect fit for the club over here and that I would fit in really well. I'm really looking forward to playing my part here." feed Head coach Frank added: "We're very happy to have signed Mark. He's a player with a lot of quality who will strengthen our goalkeeper group. He has big experience and joins us after two great seasons with Freiburg, who have just had a top season in the Bundesliga, finishing fifth and qualifying for the Europa League. "He was a big part of the team there and now he's coming to us and will hopefully make the group better and the team better. He   s a very good shot-stopper and comfortable with the ball at his feet. His distribution is very impressive." Flekken becomes the second player to join Brentford from Freiburg in the last few months, following in the footsteps of Germany international Kevin Schade back in January.