Manchester United are keeping a close eye on Sporting CP midfielder Lu  s Gomes, who has been dubbed 'the next Lu  s Figo'. United have never been scared to do business with Sporting, with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Nani and Bruno Fernandes all making the move from Portugal to Old Trafford.  Estou muito feliz por assinar o meu primeiro contrato profissional? Quero agradecer ao @sportingclubedeportugal pela confian  a depositada em mim e a todos que me ajudaram a alcan  ar este grande objetivo? A post shared by  Luis Gomes (@luisgomess_10) on Oct 15, 2020 at 11:16am PDT Gomes has been tipped to follow in the footsteps of his famous former colleagues and become a future star, with comparisons to Figo being thrown around as a result of his electric performances at youth level. Sporting recently tied Gomes down to a five-year contract as a sign of their belief in him, but according to The Mirror, United have reached an agreement to have first refusal on the 16-year-old if he ever does leave the club, with a  £14m transfer fee already drawn up. Gomes, who has also been watched by Atl  tico Madrid, is said to have Old Trafford as his 'ultimate destination', although his focus remains solely on proving himself at Sporting for now. "It is a unique feeling," said Gomes after signing his first senior contract. "This has always been one of my great goals since I joined the Academy. It is very good to feel that the club believes in me. Now I have to continue to work and fight to achieve more goals and return the confidence placed in me. "I always dreamed that I could get here and I always want more. It is very good to see that it happened. It was many years and many trips. We went to many tournaments, but the effort paid off. One of my dreams is to reach the main team, and I will work for that." The deal represents a continued investment in United's youth setup. French midfielder Hannibal Mejbri moved to Old Trafford in a deal worth close to  £9m last summer, and the Red Devils have followed that up by striking deals for Facundo Pellistri and Amad Diallo for  £10m and  £37m respectively.