The agent of Manchester City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne has hit out at suggestions the Belgian could push for a move away from the Etihad Stadium this summer. After City were hit with a two-year ban from the Champions League, the future of a number of their top players quickly came into question, and De Bruyne didn't help the situation by admitting that he was 'waiting to see' the outcome and that two years would be 'a long time' without European football. While City are waiting to hear the verdict on their appeal, speculative rumours have continued to swirl, but De Bruyne's agent, Patrick De Koster, told Sporza that there is nothing to those stories whatsoever. "He still has a three-year contract with a team that belongs at the top of the world," he said. "In a club and a city where Kevin feels good and appreciated. "There is always an informal interest for a good player in the football world. Whether this is KDB or Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo or Antoine Griezmann. For the first time in Premier League history, five team-mates have scored 10+ goals in single season:    Sergio Ag  ero    Raheem Sterling    Kevin De Bruyne    Gabriel Jesus    Riyad MahrezThey didn't even need Leroy San  . ? pic.twitter.com/fJ5eKGS7tE "If everything I read in the papers were correct, then I would need a 48-hour watch and I should be all over the world at the same time. I can declare in good conscience here and even swear on my children's head that everything I read is 90% bulls**t. " De Koster went on to insist that De Bruyne is still as hungry as ever and has his heart set on coming away from this season with as many trophies as possible. "He plays in the strongest league in the world and it is not easy to just win the title every year. That is not possible," he continued. "Liverpool have a 20 point lead and there is a reason for that, that is just a very strong team. "Kevin wants to end the season with one or two cups. If all these prizes are won (including the Champions League), no one will complain about the Manchester City season, I think."