Tottenham Hotspur are in negotiations with Real Madrid over a sensational return to north London for Gareth Bale - with conflicting reports suggesting a loan deal could be in the offing, as well as a swap deal involving Dele Alli. The possibility of Bale departing the Spanish capital is now stronger than ever, with Manchester United also holding an interest in the alienated Welsh winger. Tottenham, however, appear the favourites for their former superstar. Over the weekend, 90min told you that Spurs were one of six Premier League clubs interested in signing Bale on a subsidised loan, and things have now taken a step forward. The Telegraph note that chairman Daniel Levy is doing everything he can to bring Bale back to the club, and one interesting proposal includes Dele joining Real on loan as part of the deal. The complicated move would see Bale return to north London on a temporary basis - with Los Blancos paying half of his reported  £600,000-a-week wage - while Dele's wages would also be financed by the Spanish club. The Athletic's David Ornstein, meanwhile, reports that while no agreement is in place for Bale to rejoin Tottenham this summer, the Lilywhites are working on a deal. Spurs have a special place in the 31-year-old's heart and the player is said to be keen on an incredible return. His agent Jonathan Barnett, who is well known for speaking our about his client's future, has even told BBC Wales, "Gareth still loves Spurs. We are talking [Spurs, Real and Bale's camp]. It's where he wants to be." Levy is understood to be 'obsessed' by the idea of bringing a modern-day legend back to the club, but wanted to be sure that Jos   Mourinho was on board with such a huge signing before pursuing a deal. He even offered the Portuguese the opportunity to pursue Bale when he took charge in November, should he wish to do so. The Welshman's willingness to depart on a temporary basis - something he previously refused - this summer has handed Tottenham a chance to oversee the winger's return. 