Manchester United are ready to re-enter the race to sign free agent Paulo Dybala, with Arsenal and Napoli also considering moves as a deal with Inter stalls. The Red Devils are preparing for the possible departure of Cristiano Ronaldo. While negotiations for Frenkie de Jong continue, United are expected to confirm their first summer signing in the next few days, with Tyrell Malacia expected to join from Feyenoord. Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva has informed his agent that he would like to sign for Barcelona this summer, though any move hinges on the Blaugrana being able to shift players such as De Jong. Elsewhere at the Etihad Stadium, Kalvin Phillips will shortly be unveiled as City's second summer signing after undergoing a medical over the weekend. The England international will join in a deal worth  £45m from Leeds United. The Whites are expected to try and replace him with RB Leipzig and USMNT star Tyler Adams. Arsenal are keen to beat United to Ajax defender Lisandro Martinez and have a meeting scheduled with the Dutch champions this week. Tottenham could announce the initial loan signing of Clement Lenglet from Barcelona on Monday, and they are expected to push through a permanent deal for Djed Spence soon. Chelsea could agree a straight-cash deal for Juventus defender Matthijs de Ligt, despite the Bianconeri holding a genuine interest in Blues players such as Jorginho. While De Ligt could be off, Juventus will confirm the free signings of Paul Pogba and Angel Di Maria this week. Real Madrid are continuing to put feelers out for Jude Bellingham ahead of a potential swoop in 2023, though have been warned of significant interest from Liverpool and Chelsea. Newcastle believe they will be able to beat West Ham to the signing of Chelsea striker Armando Broja, while they are prepared to offer a fresh contract to current star forward Callum Wilson. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Richarlison's move to Tottenham, where Lisandro Martinez could be heading and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Portugal midfielder Joao Palhinha has confirmed that he is heading to England to sign a contract with Premier League returnees Fulham. Marco Silva is said to be angry at the club's lack of transfer activity thus far but is set to welcome his first signing of the summer. Across west London, Brentford are in advanced talks to sign Bologna full-back Aaron Hickey and Hull City forward Keane Lewis-Potter, while they remain hopeful that Christian Eriksen will pen a new long-term contract.