Andreas Pereira has no real future at Manchester United. Despite signing a new contract just last year and getting a solid run in the team between September and December and then briefly in January, the Belgium-born Brazilian quickly fell out of favour once Bruno Fernandes arrived and performances took a sharp turn for the better. Pereira didn   t even make the matchday squad for two of United   s last three Premier League games and was an unused substitute for the other. With strong competition for place as it is now that Paul Pogba is also returning to full fitness and more midfielders being targeted in summer     primarily Jude Bellingham and Jack Grealish     his chances of getting back into contention are slim. A move is best for Pereira if he is to realise his original potential and find his true level, which does not appear to be in the upper echelons of the Premier League. Here   s a look at six clubs Pereira could join, three of which have been rumoured suitors in recent days and three of which would additionally feasible fits based on the player and team. Despite having been a United player since the age of 16, which is now the best part of a decade, Pereira   s football career properly began in the youth ranks at PSV Eindhoven. PSV recently welcomed back Ibrahim Afellay last summer following his disastrous spell at Stoke, while a return to Dutch football has reignited the career of Dusan Tadic following his 2018 move to Ajax from Southampton. Daley Blind also left United for the Eredivisie. Everton are one of the sides linked with Pereira. But based on their lofty ambitions under the management of Carlo Ancelotti and casting their eye on players like Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey, it seems unlikely that enough chances will be available at Goodison Park. The Toffees have a lot of midfield and attacking players at their disposal already, which suggests the squad needs thinning before a programme of recruitment can realistically happen. It could be an exciting time to join Newcastle this summer given the ongoing takeover of the club and the expected recruitment and squad overhaul that would follow. The Magpies remain heavily linked with Philippe Coutinho. That one kind of appears feasible, although other lofty transfer links may not be and the club may need to lower their ambitions to more realistic targets like Pereira, who is said to be on their radar. West Ham are currently fighting for their Premier League survival and Pereira, who is linked, could be a boost to the squad next season, whether that be in the top flight or indeed the Championship. Consistent and regular game time is going to be so important to him at this stage of his career. Joining any club where he will continue to be a rotation player at best is ultimately going to be counterproductive for someone of his technical ability. Pereira has only once had a full season of regular starts in his senior career to date and that was back in 2016/17 when he was part of a Granada side that was finished bottom of La Liga. The chance to play regularly, especially now at the age of 24, is vital for his long-term career prospects. So maybe a move to Aston Villa, who could be in the Championship next season, as a possible replacement for Jack Grealish would serve him well. Pereira could potentially thrive in Scottish football, much in the same way that plenty of ex-Premier League players have done well in the past upon heading north of the border to Glasgow.