Serie A side Venezia FC finally announced the signing of Sporting Kansas City player Gianluca Busio on Thursday, days after the player lifted the 2021 Concacaf Gold Cup title with the U.S. men   s national team.   Sporting Kansas City did not disclose the details of the transfer in their statement as per league rules, but revealed the number is a    club-record deal.    Busio is set to join USMNT teammates Weston McKennie and Bryan Reynolds as well as former FC Dallas player Tanner Tessmann in Venezia.      Gianluca has embodied all of the core values we look for in a player,    Longtime Sporting KC head coach and sporting director Peter Vermes said in a release.    He has consistently put the team first while demonstrating tremendous professionalism and an unwavering commitment to improving his game and helping the club win. Gianluca is a special talent with outstanding character, and we wish him nothing but the best at Venezia.    NEWS: #SportingKC transfers @gbusio13 to Serie A side @VeneziaFC_EN in club-record deal.?: https://t.co/XP06LDEGaG pic.twitter.com/ftHznrKJWN The midfielder worked himself up through Sporting Kansas City   s youth academy before breaking into the senior team in 2018. Since his debut, he has recorded eight goals and nine assists in 70 appearances while distinguishing himself as one of Major League Soccer   s most talented prospects.     "This is a very proud moment for me and my family,    Busio said.    I   d like to thank everyone who has made it possible, especially all the people at Sporting KC who have helped me become the player and person I am today.       Sporting will always have a special place in my heart and I   m grateful to have started my career at such an amazing club. The people, the fans, the city     everything about Kansas City was perfect and it will always feel like home. This is the next step in my career and I   m really excited to join Venezia.    Prior to announcing Busio's departure, SKC moved to replace the youngster with the signing of former AC Milan midfielder Jose Mauri from Talleres de Cordoba.