Newcastle United are one of a number of Premier League clubs showing a strong interest in Manchester City youngster Taylor Harwood-Bellis, 90min understands. The 21-year-old central defender is currently on loan at Championship promotion favourites Burnley, and has played a starring role for Vincent Kompany's side. Harwood-Bellis is highly rated at City, and with his current contract due to expire next summer, plans are afoot to hold extension talks at the end of the season. However, sources have told 90min that although the Stockport-born stopper would like to make the grade at the Etihad Stadium, he recognises he is some way down the pecking order. Indeed, Harwood-Bellis is yet to play for City in the Premier League, though he has made a handful of cup appearances for the club. The England Under-21 international has also chalked up over 100 games at senior level thanks to loan spells with Blackburn, Anderlecht, Stoke and now Burnley. feed 90min understands that Burnley are hoping to bring Harwood-Bellis back to the club next season, and City legend Kompany is hopeful that his former employers will sanction a deal - whether it be another loan or a permanent deal. However, Kompany is not alone in his admiration of Harwood-Bellis, who City would consider selling if he does not agree a new contract, and sources have confirmed to 90min that Newcastle are considering making a summer move. Signing at least one new central defender is on Eddie Howe's summer wish list. Fabian Schar has performed brilliantly next to Sven Botman at the heart of the Newcastle defence, but the Magpies want to bolster their options beyond the likes of Jamaal Lascelles, who could leave this summer, and Dan Burn, who has spent most of the season at full-back. That means at least one new addition in the heart of Newcastle's defence, and Harwood-Bellis is very much on the club's radar. Any potential move, however, could be complicated by interest from the likes of West Ham, Fulham and Brentford. LISTEN NOW