Leicester City are fast becoming the kings of the transfer market. No sooner have they plucked a hidden gem from their academy or the lower leagues and sold him on for an eye-watering figure, are they back in the market on the hunt for his replacement     who they   ll no doubt sell on for  £350m profit in two years    time. The latest export from the King Power Stadium is Ben Chilwell, after the England man swapped Leicester for Chelsea in a deal believed to be worth an initial  £50m. Absolutely buzzing to sign for @ChelseaFC. Really exciting time for the club, with such a good squad! Can   t wait to meet all of the lads and everyone around the building. Special thank you to the manager for the faith he has shown in me. A dream come true. Come on you blues ? pic.twitter.com/xpfIklsgzn Despite promising displays from youngster Luke Thomas towards the latter end of the 2019/20 campaign, Brendan Rodgers seems keen to reinvest this summer as he looks to bolster his full-back options. With the Foxes desperate to secure a top-four finish next season following their near-miss last campaign, we take a look at the left-backs on the club   s radar. Highly-rated Angers left-back Rayan A  t-Nouri is a wanted man this summer, with Leicester said to be rivalling fellow Premier League side Wolves for the youngster's signature.However, while the Frenchman undoubtedly has plenty of potential, a  £31m price tag seems steep given Leicester's previous transfer business.With 19-year-old Thomas already showing bags of ability, it's hard to imagine the Foxes shelling out so much money on a player exactly the same age.If Rodgers is to bring a new left-back in, he'll be looking for more experience than the Angers defender boasts.Suitability Rating: 1/10 Fod   Ballo-Tour   has caused quite a stir of late, with Manchester United said to be keen to bring the 23-year-old to Old Trafford.Leicester are also in the running to secure the youngster's signature, however, much like A  t-Nouri, Ballo-Tour   can't call upon a wealth of experience, though at  £18m he does represent a closer fit to Leicester's transfer ethos.However, with just 77 top-flight appearances to his name, even at  £18m Rodgers is unlikely to sign the Monaco man.Suitability Rating: 3/10 Robin Gosens enjoyed a superb season last time out with Atalanta, even managing to notch nine Serie A goals from left-back.The German's talent can't be denied and he'd be a great addition, however, the Foxes should be wary - Atalanta's attacking system is perfect for Gosens, and in a team less 'gung-ho' than the Serie A outfit he may struggle to adapt.The 26-year-old is available for  £40m, and while he's a good player, if the Foxes are to pay that amount for a player there's better quality out there (more on that shortly).Suitability Rating: 5/10