Barcelona have completed the signing of Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan on a two-year contract. The 32-year-old's deal at Camp Nou includes the option to extend for a further 12 months, bringing to an end a hugely successful seven-year stay at the Etihad Stadium. Gundogan was a hugely influential figure last season as City ended their long wait for a first Champions League crown, and he also played a significant role as the club overhauled long-time leaders Arsenal in the Premier League title race. The German's influence didn't stop there, with a brace of goals at Wembley helping City overcome neighbourhood rivals Manchester United 2-1 to win the FA Cup  - the first goal a superb volley from outside the area in what was the fastest ever goal in a final. Gundogan was out of contract at the Etihad this summer and despite Pep Guardiola's desire for him to stay, he has opted to head to La Liga for a new challenge.    For me it has been a total privilege and pleasure to be part of Manchester City for the last seven years,     Gundogan told City's official website upon confirmation of his exit.    Manchester has been my home and I have felt part of a very special family at City.    I have been lucky to have experienced so many unforgettable moments in my time here and to have been captain for this extra special season has been the greatest experience of my career. manual    First, I would like to thank Pep. To have been able to play under and learn from him for so long has been something I will never forget. I would also like to thank all my team-mates     past and present     who have all played such a special part in making my time here so amazing.    Finally, I would like to thank the incredible City fans. They have supported me from the moment I arrived, and I owe them all so much for their support.    This club made me realise all my dreams and I will forever be thankful for this opportunity.    I will carry City always in my heart. Once a blue, always a blue.    Gundogan made 304 appearances for City in all competitions, scoring 60 goals from midfield. He won the Premier League title five times, the FA Cup twice, the Carabao Cup four times, the Community Shield twice and, perhaps most importantly, the Champions League. He'll now slot into a Barcelona midfield that includes the likes of Pedri, Frenkie de Jong and Gavi, with Xavi's side now primed to push for Champions League glory after romping to last season's La Liga title ahead of rivals Real Madrid.