RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku underwent a medical with Chelsea officials in August, 90min can confirm, but a future transfer has not yet been agreed for the Frenchman. Nkunku is one of many forwards on Chelsea's radar, with new co-owner Todd Boehly keen to keep splashing the cash to hand manager Graham Potter a squad capable of competing for Premier League and Champions League glory. 90min can confirm reports that Nkunku has held a medical with Chelsea already, but sources close to the 24-year-old are adamant that no agreement over a future transfer has been reached and there is no guarantee at this stage that a move will actually ever materialise. Medical checks have been conducted to give Chelsea more of an idea on whether to pursue a transfer in 2023, when a  £58m release clause in his contract will come into play. Importantly, sources on both sides of the negotiation stress that personal terms have not been agreed between Chelsea and Nkunku, and Blues sources add that there has been no agreement over a transfer fee either. That being said, Chelsea are one of many sides interested in taking advantage of Nkunku's release clause. The France international rose to prominence last season with 20 goals and 15 assists in 34 Bundesliga games and has maintained that hot form with four goals in seven outings so far this term. A move to Stamford Bridge for Nkunku in 2023 is viable but a long way from being arranged at this early stage in the season. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Toby Cudworth  and  Sean Walsh  bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss Jude Bellingham's future, Bayern Munich's interest in Harry Kane, widespread Premier League interest in Mykhaylo Mudryk and plenty more.  Available on  all audio platforms. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Nkunku's focus is understood to be on the World Cup with France later this year, after which he will begin thinking about what the future holds. Lines of communication between Chelsea and Leipzig remain open, both over Nkunku and concerning centre-back Josko Gvardiol, for whom the Blues failed with a late offer this past summer.