Borussia Dortmund appear to have lost out to AC Milan in their pursuit of Lille keeper Mike Maignan, whose arrival at San Siro could signal the end for Gianluigi Donnarumma. The number one spot at Milan is up in the air with Donnarumma's contract set to expire in the summer. If he doesn't pen a new deal by the end of June, he becomes a free agent, and the situation has ignited interest in his signature. Donnarumma is widely viewed as the most talented Italian keeper since Gianluigi Buffon and has already made well over 200 appearances for Milan despite being just 22. The Rossoneri are desperate to keep him, but Football Italia carried a report from Calcio Mercato over the weekend that claimed he is yet to agree on a deal. #BVB - Mike Maignan (25) from OSC Lille to AC Milan is a done deal, @SPORT1 understands. Long-term contract, transfer fee around    15m. Maignan was also a transfer target for @BVB. Gianluigi Donnarumma (22) is a free agent and now set to leave Milan. Juventus in pole position. The uncertainty has forced Milan to pursue a contingency plan, and now German outlet SPORT1 are claiming that a deal has been reached to sign Maignan from Lille for a fee in the region of    15m. They claim that this is the end for Donnarumma in Milan, reporting that he will now certainly leave the club in the summer with Juventus in 'pole position' for his signature. That conflicts slightly with what has been reported in Italy. Calcio Mercato report that there is still 'hope' he will agree to stay, and that Maignan's signing isn't tied to Donnarumma's fate.  That stands to reason; even if he were to stay, they would be in the market for a backup, with neither Donnarumma's older brother Antonio or on-loan keeper Ciprian Tatarusanu trusted.  Donnarumma is on his his way to the very top and he wants his pay to show that... ? Whether Maignan would agree to play second fiddle is another matter altogether, but in any case, he is set to be announced as Milan's first signing for 2021/22.