Tottenham Hotspur are exploring opportunities to sign a new forward despite their insistence that Harry Kane will not be sold this summer, sources have confirmed to 90min. Bayern Munich have had three bids for Kane knocked back by Spurs already this transfer window and are preparing a fourth worth  £94.6m (   110m). However, 90min understands that Tottenham have showed no indication that this will be enough to convince them to sell their star striker, who has less than a year left to run on his contract. 90min revealed on Tuesday that Kane would like his future sorted before the start of the new Premier League campaign - if he is still at Tottenham by the time they face Brentford on Sunday, he is happy to stay put for the entirety of 2023/24. Tottenham remain hopeful they can convince Kane to commit his long-term future to the club and he has been impressed by new head coach Ange Postecoglou following his appointment in June. Though Spurs are adamant that Kane will not be allowed to leave, they have brought in a new centre forward in Argentina youth international Alejo Veliz this week and could yet sign another this summer. feed Sources have told 90min that representatives of Spurs have sounded out several other strikers regarding potential moves to north London. 21-year-old Gent forward Gift Orban, who has scored a staggering 22 goals in 24 games since joining the Belgian club last year, is one target that Tottenham have spoken to. Chelsea target Elye Wahi of Montpellier and Lille star Jonathan David are also on Spurs' radar, as is wantaway Fulham talisman Aleksandar Mitrovic, who saw a proposed move to Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal fall through earlier this summer. Mitrovic was keen on a move to Saudi Arabia but Al Hilal failed to stump up more than  £30m, with Fulham demanding closer to  £50m for the Serbia international. Beyond Kane and Veliz, Brazil's starting number nine Richarlison is also on Tottenham's books and has enjoyed a fruitful pre-season under Postecoglou.