90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Prospective Manchester United owner Sheikh Jassim will launch a move for Paris Saint-Germain forward Neymar if he is successful in his attempts to buy the Red Devils. (Sun) That may not be the only business between Man Utd and PSG as the Parisians are prepared to accept bids of between  £50m and  £60m for right-back Achraf Hakimi, who is also on Chelsea's radar. (Football Insider) Man Utd could bid farewell to centre-back Harry Maguire this summer, with the England international wary of the impact staying at Old Trafford could have on his hopes of featuring at Euro 2024. (Daily Mail) Liverpool have reignited contact with the representatives of Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham with a view to signing him in 2024. (Football Insider) Bellingham wants to join Real Madrid this summer but Los Blancos are yet to commit to paying his asking price. (AS) Another Liverpool target, Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, will receive offers from both the Reds and Arsenal if he does not extend his contract at Stamford Bridge. (Football Insider) feed Sadio Mane could be sold by Bayern Munich this summer after his clash with teammate Leroy Sane, and Chelsea are keen to bring him back to the Premier League. (TZ) Harry Kane is considering running down his contract at Tottenham in order to leave the club on a free transfer in 2024. (Daily Telegraph) Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is determined not to sell Kane to a domestic rival like Man Utd or Chelsea, which could force the two teams to compete for either Napoli's Victor Osimhen or Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic instead. (Daily Mail) With a summer exit from Manchester City looking likely, Aymeric Laporte has ruled out joining Newcastle and is favouring a switch to Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Arsenal are prepared to listen to offers for left-back Kieran Tierney, midfielder Granit Xhaka and striker Folarin Balogun this summer. (Daily Mail) Kylian Mbappe is working to encourage Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani, a fellow Frenchman, to join PSG this summer. (Christian Falk) Another striker on PSG's radar is Lille's Jonathan David, who is expected to be sold this summer and also has interest from Chelsea and Tottenham. (L'Equipe)