It's amazing the difference a year can make in football. This time last summer very few had heard of Rasmus Hojlund, now Atalanta are demanding up to    80m for their young forward. Having only signed for Atalanta from Sturm Graz in Austria last summer, Hojlund's rise in Bergamo has been meteoric. Arriving from relative obscurity, the 20-year-old continually wowed in Serie A and now has one of the biggest clubs in world football knocking at his door. That club is Manchester United, whose frantic search for a new striker this summer has seen them barking up many different trees already. Now one of the names at the forefront of the Red Devils' search, the Dane wants to move to Old Trafford, but there is still talking to be done between the clubs. Why are Atalanta slapping such a hefty price tag on Hojlund and why do United want him so badly? Following Cristiano Ronaldo's mid-season exit from Old Trafford last year, Erik ten Hag was left with very few options up top.  Marcus Rashford was in fine goalscoring form but was far more prolific cutting in from the left-hand side, while the emergency loan of Wout Weghorst and the consistent injuries to Anthony Martial leave the Red Devils without a genuine focal point - Jadon Sancho was even used as a 'false nine' as United commended their pre-season schedule against Leeds in Oslo. Ten Hag needs to remedy this issue during the transfer window and Hojlund could be the man he turns to.  The 20-year-old is understandably inexperienced but impressed in the 32 games he played at Atalanta last season in Serie A. He contributed nine goals and four assists, all while having to share minutes with the more senior Luis Muriel and Duvan Zapata. Standing at 6ft2in, Hojlund is a strong physical presence despite his tender age and teams pace with strength to great effect. His tally of six goals in six games with Denmark also highlights his clinical edge, but the most exciting aspect is still largely his potential. The former FC Kobenhavn player has plenty of room to improve and provides Ten Hag with more of a development project than the likes of Dusan Vlahovic and Victor Osimhen. However, the reward could be significantly greater in the long run. Club Appearances Goals Assists Atalanta 34 10 4 Sturm Graz 21 12 4 FC Kobenhavn 32 5 0 Denmark 6 6 0 READ THE LATEST MAN UTD NEWS, TRANSFER RUMOURS & GOSSIP feed 90min understands that United have been in talks with Atalanta over a deal for Hojlund, but there is still a considerable gulf between what the Red Devils are willing to pay and what La Dea want. United want to pay no more than  £51m at a push for Hojlund, while Atalanta are wanting  £60m or more. Hojlund is keen on a move to Old Trafford as he sets his sights on Champions League and Premier League football next season and may have to force his way out of the Stadio Atleti Azzurri d'Italia.  Ideally, United would like to add two number nines this summer - a young prospect with huge potential and a more experienced forward. Hojlund would tick the box of the former, but budgetary concerns mean signing both attackers may not be possible. 