The saga surrounding Kylian Mbappe could be close to an end after Paris Saint-Germain admitted defeat in their attempts to convince him to snub Real Madrid's advances and sign a contract extension. That message did not reach the mayor of Poissy, where PSG's new training complex is being built, as he claimed on Twitter to have been personally informed that Mbappe is staying. Joan Laporta has ruled Barcelona out of the race to sign Mbappe, insisting they would not be interested in a player who is demanding    50m per season. The Frenchman's entourage have denied they are looking for that sort of money. Juventus have offered Paul Pogba a three-year contract worth a cool  £6.3m to join on a free transfer this summer. However, the Manchester United man has asked for closer to  £9.3m, leaving Juve concerned that they will not be able to get a deal done. United are busy looking at Monaco centre-back Sven Botman and have opened talks with the Dutchman, who has long been a target for both AC Milan and Newcastle United. A fee of  £25m could get the job done. Incoming United boss Erik ten Hag is keen to push ahead with a move for Ajax defender Jurrien Timber and has been tipped to bring an unhappy Antony with him to Old Trafford. PSV forward Cody Gakpo has warned suitors like Arsenal and Liverpool that he will not move teams unless he is guaranteed regular game time. Antonio Conte is confident of securing Champions League football for Tottenham next season and is readying moves for Paulo Dybala and Josko Gvardiol to celebrate. Spurs look set to beat Arsenal to the final Champions League spot, but Gabriel Jesus would be prepared to join the Gunners from Manchester City even if they find themselves playing Europa League football next year. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss Man Utd's plans for Cristiano Ronaldo under Erik ten Hag, plus what his stay could mean for United's transfer plans. There's talk on Kylian Mbappe's impending move to Real Madrid, Robert Lewandowski leaving Bayern, Raphinha to Barcelona and Steven Gerrard targeting Luis Suarez. Over in Barcelona, the plan is to offload Neto, Sergino Dest, Samuel Umtiti, Frenkie de Jong, Clement Lenglet and Riqui Puig to make room for new signings, one of whom could be Sevilla centre-back Jules Kounde. Laporta is also keen to bring in Chelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta, but the Spaniard has paused talks with Barcelona until he gets the chance to speak to Chelsea's new owners. Chelsea are braced for Marcos Alonso's departure, with Barcelona a likely destination, while they could also lose exciting young left-back Ian Maatsen. The Dutchman, who has impressed on loan with Coventry City, is on Borussia Dortmund's radar. Dele Alli could be on his way out of Everton after the Toffees put a  £20m price tag on his head. The former Tottenham man only joined in January but could be shipped off already, especially if Everton fall into the Championship.