Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson has said it    would be amazing    if the Reds are the club who manage to land rising superstar Jude Bellingham when he leaves Borussia Dortmund. Having become one of the most sought after players in the world before even his 20th birthday and shortly to reach 200 career appearances for club and country, Bellingham is set to be on the move in either the summer of 2023 or 2024. Liverpool,  Real Madrid and Manchester City are the three clubs at the forefront of the transfer battle, while Manchester United, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are in the second row holding slightly more distant interest. As 90min has previously reported, the Bellingham camp has met     with Dortmund   s permission     with Liverpool, Real and City, and all three have presented what they believe to be a compelling argument that the teenage prodigy should choose them as his next club. Bellingham   s longstanding admiration of Anfield legend Steven Gerrard and his growing relationship with Henderson while on international duty has led to growing speculation that he might prefer to join Liverpool over the others.    I   m sure he   ll sit down with his family and in the future to decide what route he wants to take. Whatever route that is or whatever club that is, that will be a lucky club to have him. His potential is through the roof, really. He can be as good as he wants to be,    Henderson said this week.    He's got the right mentality, which is the most important thing. He   s really special and I can't believe his age and his mentality     how he applies himself to training and games   everything. I've never seen it before so I'm pretty confident he'll be a pretty good player for many years to come.    manual Henderson also warned    not to apply too much pressure    and instead let Bellingham    just play football, adding,    Every time he puts on an England shirt he grows and is getting better and better.    There are things he can improve on but the platform and the basis he has got he can go as high as he wants to. I just want him to be the best player he can be. If it ended up being Liverpool  that would be amazing. But it   s got to be right for him. Every club you can think will want him.    Dortmund are waiting for Bellingham to tell them the answer to that question. The player has been considering his future for some time but always planned to delay a decision as to whether he will stay put or pursue his next challenge until now      90min  recently revealed  that he is set for more talks with the Bundesliga side in the coming weeks. Real Madrid,  Liverpool  and Manchester City have all already been in talks with the Bellingham camp to present their plans for him     each of the three European giants feel they have made a compelling case for him to pick their project as his next.