Eintracht Frankfurt forward Randal Kolo Muani has flirted with the idea of moving to a bigger club amid interest from Chelsea, Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich. The 24-year-old only joined Frankfurt at the beginning of the 2022/23 season after a four-year stint in Ligue 1 with Nantes, but has bagged 16 goals in 35 appearances in all competitions to impress a number of visiting scouts. Kolo Muani also helped swing France's World Cup semi-final with Morocco in favour of Les Bleus, netting the second goal of a 2-0 win to help fire Didier Deschamps' side through to the final against Argentina. Manchester United have been linked with an elaborate  £105m move for Kolo Muani, although 90min understands that the primary interest in his services is emanating from PSG and Bayern Munich. Premier League duo Chelsea and Newcastle have also taken an interest in Kolo Muani, who primarily plays as a centre forward but can also fill in as a winger if required. READ NEXT manual When asked about his future at Frankfurt, Kolo Muani moved to reassure supporters that he's focused on the task at hand, but did admit that he dreams of playing for a big club. "We talk about it a lot already, but I try to be focused on my club,' Kolo Muani told  L'Equipe. 'We continue our performances and we will see this summer. Afterwards, I always dreamed of playing in big clubs." "I thought I was going to need some time to adapt, maybe a year. But everything exploded. Either way, I   m ready for any challenge," he added. "I ask the club to get me my statistics on my matches each time. I share this with my physical trainer to know what to improve. "I do a lot of goals and assists, but it   s not at the level where I should be. I still miss quite a bit. This is only my third (full) season as a pro." Only six Premier League players have scored more league goals than Kolo Muani's 11 this season. Erling Haaland, Harry Kane and Marcus Rashford are the three most high-profile goal getters, but Ivan Toney, Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka have also scored 12 or more. In Ligue 1, 13 players have scored more league goals this season than Kolo Muani, with there being no surprise that Kylian Mbappe, Lionel Messi and Neymar are among that trio. Folarin Balogun, on loan from Arsenal, has netted 17 goals, the same number as Alexandre Lacazette. One player to enjoy a bit of a career rejuvenation is Alexis Sanchez - he has 12 goals to his name for Marseille in 25 appearances. Niclas Fullkrug, Vincenzo Grifo, Marcus Thuram and Christopher Nkunku are the only four Bundesliga players who have netted more in the league than Kolo Muani. LISTEN NOW