Manchester United target Antony has publicly pleaded with current club Ajax to let him leave for the Red Devils. 90min understands the Dutch champions rejected a    90m bid from United on Friday as it is still roughly    2m short of their asking price. The winger has attempted to force a move by skipping training sessions and is not currently working with the first team. Antony, speaking in an interview with Fabrizio Romano, has given the world his tale of events in this saga and is hopeful that Ajax will green-light an exit. "Since February of this year, my agents came to Amsterdam to inform Ajax of my desire to leave the club to face a new challenge, and that some of the interested clubs would arrive and with them a great offer," the Brazilian said. "In June of this year, I interrupted my vacation and came personally to inform the managers of Ajax, including the new coach, about my wish to leave and that they should consider this possibility. Because when I started in Amsterdam, it was a project for two seasons. "During the window months, meetings concluded, including a proposal from Ajax for a contract renewal. I made it clear once again - 'I want to leave the club'. "Today, in a meeting with the club's board of directors, I expressed my old interest in leaving the club, only this time with a considerable offer on the table. Others had already arrived [but] Ajax always refused and hinders the argument with they only have to replace [me]. "I'm not asking to release me, I'm asking Ajax to sell me as the highest bid received by a player who plays in the Eredivisie in history. I've been insisting on this term since February so that the club could rebuild the team with peace of mind. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's potential move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! "I was very happy in Amsterdam. I won titles, made friends and built a part of my career. But now I reinforce that I'm ready and full of motivations to follow my story and my dreams. "People need to listen to me and understand my motivation moves me towards happiness. I need to continue performing at the highest level.