Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo has admitted he would not be able to turn down the chance to follow former boss Graham Potter to Chelsea. Potter swapped The Amex for Stamford Bridge earlier this month as Todd Boehly's hand-picked replacement for Thomas Tuchel, and reports have suggested he could look to raid his former club for midfield star Caicedo, who has been on Chelsea's radar in the past. The 20-year-old Ecuador international, who is under contract until 2025, enjoyed a sensational start to the current campaign under Potter and has now admitted he would jump at the chance for a reunion. "Right now, I'm focused on Brighton and the World Cup," he told Ole. "I want to have a great World Cup and then we'll see what happens. "I think Chelsea are one of the best teams in the world and nobody would turn down an offer from Chelsea or any other club like that. It is a dream to be part of one of the best teams in the world and succeed there." On Potter's impact on his career, Caicedo added: "He gave me the opportunity to debut in the Premier League, which is something I was preparing for and worked for. I would have loved to make it here earlier, but I think it was the right time and God put things in their place. "I am very grateful to Potter and his coaching staff because they gave me the opportunity to show myself. I have helped the team, they noticed it and I've been in the team ever since. "It made me very sad that he left for Chelsea, because he helped me a lot and I wanted to keep him as my coach. But that's football, you never know. Today you can be here and tomorrow somewhere else, that's the job of a footballer and a coach." Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  bring you a brand new episode of Talking Transfers. The team discuss the fallout from the summer transfer window, Gavi's contract situation at Barcelona, Chelsea's midfield issues, Antony's suitability at Man Utd and more.  Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Rumours of interest from Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester United surfaced during the summer, and while he insisted he did not hear of any bids, Caicedo confessed he would have listened to anything on the table. "I saw rumours and things like that, but I was working on my team," he said. "I didn't want anything to take me away from my job, so I let my agent handle everything. I was very calm, focused only on Brighton and I did not know if there were other proposals or not. "If there were any proposals, I would have thought about them a lot, but I am very happy here in Brighton and doing things well. I want to continue adding minutes, play at the World Cup and then see what happens."