Tottenham Hotspur have been closely watching versatile Sporting CP star Pedro Goncalves over the last few months, sources have told 90min. Spurs' priority is to find a permanent successor to former head coach Antonio Conte, and while managing director of football Fabio Paratici has been suspended pending the outcome of a global football ban, they are continuing to plan for the summer transfer window. The north London club are casting their eye over several players to improve their current squad, and 90min understands one to particularly take their fancy is Goncalves. 90min understands that Spurs were first drawn to the 24-year-old while on scouting missions for Pedro Porro, who joined the club from Sporting on deadline day of the January window. Representatives from Tottenham were majorly impressed by Goncalves and they have continued to follow his development. Aston Villa, Liverpool and Newcastle United have all watched Goncalves this season, but Spurs are believed to be the club most interested in signing him. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed The Portugal international began his professional career at Wolves but played just once for the senior side and was sold to Familicao in 2019. Goncalves moved to Sporting in the summer of 2020 in-part as a replacement to Bruno Fernandes, who was courted by Spurs before joining Manchester United in January of that year. His first season in Lisbon proved successful, scoring 23 goals in 32 games as Sporting won their first league title in 19 years. He has maintained an impressive goal return in the following two seasons - Goncalves has scored 56 goals and laid on 31 assists in 120 games for Sporting - though was notably overlooked by Fernando Santos for Portugal's 2022 FIFA World Cup squad. Goncalves is capable of playing on either wing, as a number ten or in central midfield, which would particularly appeal to Tottenham as they need to upgrade in all of these areas. 90min recently reported that Spurs are among the frontrunners in the race to sign James Maddison from Leicester City this summer. LISTEN NOW