Are you Spurs fans tired of hearing the term 'painful rebuild'? No? Ok, let me hammer it home a bit more. When Mauricio Pochettino stressed the need for a painful rebuild back in 2018, he probably didn't envisage that he would be at Paris Saint-Germain three years later. But here we are, painfully rebuilding. Very painfully. The job is far from done for Spurs, who are still yet to appoint a successor to Jose Mourinho. But who do the club need to stick around and which players are on borrowed time? Hugo Lloris (KEEP): The captain was super critical of how the club was being managed towards the back-end of Mourinho's tenure, and an upturn in form this last year has won the fans back over. An important figure and Spurs need him to stick around. Joe Hart (KEEP): He's hardly a great goalie anymore but at least he counts towards Spurs' homegrown quota. Alfie Whiteman (LOAN): No one really has any idea how good Whiteman is and he needs a loan to showcase whatever talent he has. Matt Doherty (KEEP): A rough first season for a man whose transfer never really made sense, but deserves another chance under a fresh face. Sergio Reguilon (KEEP): One of the best left-backs in the world in 2020, but his form has nosedived since. In need of stability and a proper coach - there's quite obviously an amazing player in him. Toby Alderweireld (KEEP): A model professional and should be kept around for that alone. Still Spurs' best centre-back right now. Davinson Sanchez (SELL): Not really sure what to do with Sanchez now, but if a club comes in with a good offer maybe it'd be best to part ways. Has never looked capable of recapturing the form that saw him lock up Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo in his debut season. Joe Rodon (KEEP): Played pretty well whenever given a chance last season. Real shame he just didn't get utilised more often. Eric Dier (SELL): I can't do another year of watching Eric Dier try and defend. Serge Aurier (SELL): Pretty underrated for the most part but has made his desire to rejoin PSG public so au revoir, Serge. Japhet Tanganga (KEEP): A capable defender, should get a lot of game time in the Europa Conference League. Ben Davies (SELL): Just one of those players that should probably be moved on just for the sake of freshening up the squad. No hard feelings, gentle Ben. Juan Foyth (SELL): Sell while his stock is still high. Cameron Carter-Vickers (SELL): Had a good season in the Championship with Bournemouth and now is the time to part ways. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg (KEEP): Form tailed off as the season petered out but is in his prime and is still a good player. Harry Winks (SELL): Needs a fresh start somewhere else if he's to find his best form again. Moussa Sissoko (SELL): 'Past it' is a cliche, but Sissoko is definitely wayyyyy past it. Giovani Lo Celso (KEEP): Not entirely sure what his best role is, but the next manager needs to figure it out or Lo Celso will be deemed an undoubted flop. Dele Alli (KEEP): Played really well down the stretch. Almost as if he's a good player who shouldn't have been frozen out. Tanguy Ndombele (KEEP): The club's best midfielder, but has only showed up for about six months of his Spurs career so far and that's pretty damning for someone who cost around  £60m. Ryan Sessegnon (KEEP): Had a semi-productive season on loan at Hoffenheim but now needs some minutes back at Spurs. Oliver Skipp (KEEP): Enjoyed a great year at Norwich and should be given some first team opportunities. Jack Clarke (LOAN): Eventually broke into the team on loan at Stoke, but needs another year out somewhere else. Son Heung-min (KEEP): One of the two best players at the club. Has to stay. Harry Kane (KEEP): No chance Spurs would be able to adequately replace Kane even if he went for a world-record fee. Erik Lamela (SELL): Coco, thanks for the memories, but it's time to say goodbye.