Toronto FC have completed the signing of midfielder Mark-Anthony Kaye from the Colorado Rapids. TFC have parted with $1.025m in General Allocation Money (GAM), homegrown midfielder Ralph Prso, a 2023 international roster spot, and their first-round 2023 SuperDraft pick in exchange for Kaye. $775k of that GAM is guaranteed across the next season-and-a-half, while another $250k will come as late as 2024 depending on Kaye's roster status next year.    We are very excited to add Mark to our team,    Toronto FC head coach and sporting director Bob Bradley said in a club press release.    Over the past five seasons, Mark has established himself as one of the better two-way midfielders in the league. He   s an intelligent player who likes to be around the ball, a good passer, ball-winner, competitor, and teammate. We wish Ralph all the best in Colorado. He   s a great young man with a bright future ahead of him.    Kaye returns to his hometown after playing for LAFC and the Colorado Rapids over the last five years, enjoying a Supporters' Shield win under Bradley at the former. The 27-year-old has played over 100 MLS regular-season games to date, scoring 13 goals and providing a further 18 assists. At international level, the midfielder has 34 senior caps for Canada, scoring twice, and most recently helping Les Rouges reach their first World Cup since 1986.    Mark played an important part in our team   s rise to the top of the West last season and was a model representative of our club off the pitch," said Rapids executive vice president and general manager P  draig Smith. "We   re grateful to him for his contributions and wish him all the best in this next chapter of his career.    Heading the other way, Prso is another exciting talent emerging in the Canadian soccer pool. Still only 19, the midfielder played 32 times for TFC at senior level, scoring twice, including 10 appearances in Major League Soccer this season with one goal; an impressive effort in a 2-1 win over Atlanta United recently. 