Manchester United are continuing to hold talks with Fiorentina over Sofyan Amrabat while they work on moving Fred out of the club, 90min understands. The Red Devils slipped to a 2-0 defeat to Real Madrid in their latest pre-season friendly in Houston, where it was apparent that Erik ten Hag's side are in desperate need of a new striker. Ten Hag admitted as much after the game, revealing the club are "working 24/7" on addressing the issue, and United's current priority is finalising the capture of Atalanta striker Rasmus Hojlund, whom they made a  £51.4m bid for on Wednesday. PSG are also interested in the highly-rated Dane, but Ten Hag has stressed the importance of United completing their transfer business before the new Premier League season begins. Crucially, Hojlund's preference is to head to Old Trafford. 90min confirmed earlier this month that United were also looking to address some issues in central midfield, and had opened talks with Fiorentina over Amrabat, who helped his club reach the final of last season's Europa Conference League and was a standout player for Morocco at the 2022 World Cup. feed Those talks are continuing to be held, 90min understands, although United do not have a clear run at Amrabat's signature. La Liga heavyweights Atletico Madrid are also interested in signing a new defensive midfielder and have him on a three-player shortlist of targets alongside Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Marco Verratti - though the latter now seems destined to join Al Hilai in Saudi Arabia.  Indeed, Spanish sources believe they are a very real threat to United's pursuit of Amrabat. United are also working hard on moving on some of their squad players, and progress is being made in regards to selling Fred to Turkish giants Galatasaray. The Brazilian's departure would free up valuable room on United's wage bill, and after an opening bid from Gala was turned down, negotiations are ongoing between the two parties. Sources have told 90min there's a confidence of that deal eventually being agreed, which is a key factor in United progressing their move for Amrabat. United have already signed Mason Mount and Andre Onana in big-money deals this summer - moves made to strengthen United's squad ahead of a return to the Champions League.