90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Barcelona have met with agent and father of Lionel Messi as they hope to tempt hi back to Camp Nou from Paris Saint-Germain. But no transfer proposal was put forward. (Cadena SER) Manchester United and Tottenham are showing strong interest in Republic of Ireland teenager Evan Ferguson, but Brighton want to agree a new contract. (Mail) A Manchester United summer clearout could see as many as 13 players leave. (Mail) Arsenal are monitoring Bayern Munich midfielder Ryan Gravenberch, who has struggled to establish himself since moving to the Allianz Arena. Manchester United have previously been linked. (Sky Germany) Barcelona are expected to offer Alejandro Balde a new contract, although Chelsea are interested in signing the left-back this summer. (SPORT) Real Madrid remain very happy with their agreed    60m deal to sign 16-year-old Endrick, which will see him move to Spain when he turns 18, despite a recent drop in form. (Fabrizio Romano) Real Madrid have also been linked with a    50m swoop for Villarreal winger Samuel Chukwueze (Marca) Wolves are working on a new contract for midfielder Ruben Neves, who has been linked with Arsenal, Manchester United and Barcelona in the past. (Sun) Chelsea remain hopeful of keeping Joao Felix beyond his loan from Atletico Madrid. (Fabrizio Romano) feed Liverpool could face summer competition for Bristol City midfielder Alex Scott, still only 19, from Wolves and West Ham. (Mail) West Ham are thought to be keeping tabs on Manchester United right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka. (Football Insider) Arsenal would be open to selling striker Folarin Balogun at the end of the season. The 21-year-old is currently starring for Reims in Ligue 1 on loan. (The Times) Brighton are interested in fringe Arsenal forward Reiss Nelson, who is on course to become a free agent at the end of the season. (Mail) 18-year-old starlet Adama Bojang, nicknamed the    Gambian Hurricane   , has been linked with a move to Chelsea or Crystal Palace. (Mail) Marco Reus, now 33, has been tipped to take a pay cut to extend his contract at Borussia Dortmund, having first joined the club back in 2012. (Bild)