Manchester United could be close to agreeing a new contract for midfielder Angel Gomes, despite interest from rivals Chelsea, as well as clubs on the continent. The highly rated 19-year-old attacking midfielder has found first-team opportunities hard to come by, in spite of manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's predilection for giving chances to academy players. Meanwhile, the youngster's current deal is set to expire at the end of this season.  While fellow youth team graduates Mason Greenwood and Brandon Williams have enjoyed spells in the starting lineup in 2019/20, Gomes has had to remain patient, making just two Premier League appearances this campaign. Gomes, who has been at the club from the age of six, has reportedly grown frustrated at his lack of game time and had been linked with a move away from Old Trafford, with Chelsea, Barcelona and Juventus among his reported admirers. Gomes was left 'underwhelmed' by a contract extension offer during the winter, leading to speculation about an imminent exit for the London-born Under-17 World Cup winner. Yet Solskjaer apparently remains keen on retaining the gifted midfielder, with United 'edging towards' a new deal, according to Laurie Whitwell of the Athletic. Manchester United mailbag: your questions answered. Transfer market decisiveness, squad rotation, Rojo, Bailly, Sanchez, Gomes and academy players.@TheAthleticUK #MUFChttps://t.co/q94ZkAglGW In a Q&A session, Whitwell wrote, "I   m led to believe talks are edging towards a new deal for Gomes and the sight of him taking full part in training recently suggests he will feature to some degree in the run-in.  "It has been such a drawn-out, cloak and dagger process, though. Anything is possible. I   m told negotiations have stalled in the past over game time. The level United are looking at is around  £25,000 per week." With the Premier League returning from its three-month hiatus due to the coronavirus pandemic, the tabling of a new contract has coincided with the news of Gomes' promotion to first-team training.