Manchester United outcast Marcos Rojo has agreed personal terms with Boca Juniors, but talks are still ongoing between the two clubs over a fee. The 30-year-old, who has not played a single minute for United this season, has entered the final six months of his contract and is towards the very top of the list of fringe players who the Red Devils would like to offload this month. United have no desire to continue paying Rojo's  £100,000-a-week wages, while Rojo himself is keen to get a deal over the line, and ESPN note that he has already agreed personal terms with Boca to try to speed things up. However, after that breakthrough, things have stalled somewhat, and the delay was largely caused by United's determination to receive a fee for the defender. Boca have made it clear that they do not want to pay a single penny to sign Rojo, given he will be out of contract in the summer and United are desperate to let him go, but United aren't exactly best pleased with that. United are believed to have been demanding a transfer fee to offload Rojo early, and Boca have left it down to the 30-year-old to talk his way into a free transfer. If he can convince United to let him walk, he will have a new home at Boca. Reports coming out of Argentina suggest that things have been making slow progress over the last few days. El Dia went as far as to say Boca were optimistic of getting a deal done imminently a few days back, and a more recent report has revealed that Rojo's agent, Kristian Bereit, has convinced United to let him go for free. However, it's now thought that Rojo is having second thoughts about a move to Boca as Estudiantes have also offered him a place back in his homeland. Rojo returned to boyhood side Estudiantes on loan in January 2020 but was limited to just one appearance, with injury and the COVID-19 shutdown leaving the defender feeling somewhat unfulfilled upon his return to the club. It's believed that Rojo has expressed a desire to return to Estudiantes as well, so he is now left to decide between the two Argentinian sides.