Exclusive - Manchester United could offer Donny van de Beek as a makeweight in potential dealings this summer, as they attempt to get creative in the transfer market with football finances under strain. Since making his  £40m move from Ajax to Old Trafford last summer, Van de Beek has struggled to settle in. He has started just two Premier League games all season and has largely been cursed by the fact he plays in the same position as Bruno Fernandes. His underwhelming performances have left both Van de Beek and United questioning whether the player has a future at the club, and sources have confirmed to 90min that United are now open to the idea of parting ways with Van de Beek. A concern for United is that they would be forced to swallow a hefty loss as no teams are prepared to pay  £40m for a player who has failed to set the Premier League alight, so club officials are now considering whether his value can be used to their advantage in their pursuit of other targets. United would be open to including Van de Beek as part of any deal for some of their top targets this summer, and with the Red Devils keen to poach a handful of players away from Borussia Dortmund in particular, the Dutchman's services have been offered to them. Striker Erling Haaland is Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's top priority, while the interest in winger Jadon Sancho remains. United have also identified centre-back Manuel Akanji as a possible target in their search for a long-term partner for Harry Maguire. In an attempt to save themselves some money, United have made it clear to Dortmund that Van de Beek could be part of any bid they make, and the German side are understood to have been receptive to the idea of taking the Dutchman on. United's efforts have not been solely focused on Dortmund, however. Club officials have spoken to a number of teams across Europe to gauge interest in Van de Beek, but there have been specific talks with Dortmund because of the level of United's interest in their players. United are by no means desperate to part ways with Van de Beek this summer and still believe that the Dutchman could live up to his potential over time, but the expensive nature of their transfer targets has left them considering all options.