RB Leipzig have confirmed that they have signed left-back Angelino from Manchester City on a permanent basis. The 24-year-old joined Leipzig on loan in January 2020, with the German side agreeing to an obligation to sign Angelino permanently if he featured in a certain number of games in the 2020/21 campaign. ANGELI  O 2     £0     £2     £5     £ @angel_tasende69 is here to stay!       ?    #RBLeipzig pic.twitter.com/Drb33ZoE0J According to the Daily Mail, the agreement was that Leipzig would have to sign Angelino if he played in more than 12 games in all competitions, five of which had to come in the second half of the German season. Friday's 2-1 win over Augsburg was his fifth appearance of the latter half of the campaign and his 29th since the start of the season. Leipzig took to their official website shortly after the game to confirm that they had taken up their option to sign Angelino permanently, in a deal worth a reported  £16m. As part of the agreement, City are understood to have a buy-back clause on Angelino worth somewhere close to the  £35m mark. "Angelino is an extremely good player who is very important to our game," said manager Julian Nagelsmann. "He has played an important role for us from the start and - although he has already developed extremely well and quickly - there is a lot more in him.  "He wants to ensure he is developing constantly, always working on new things and that is extremely impressive." Sporting director Markus Krosche added: "Angel needed little time to get used to our game and found his way around our style of play right from the start. He also contributed to achieving our goals at Champions League level. He's been a hit with us. We are therefore very happy that he will continue will wear the jersey of RB Leipzig." In his 29 appearances this season, Angelino has notched an impressive eight goals and 11 assists in all competitions, and he actually sits at the top of both Leipzig's scoring and assist charts this year. Not bad for a left-back.