Crystal Palace have confirmed the departure of Wilfried Zaha to Galatasaray on a free transfer. The 30-year-old's contract at Selhurst Park expired at the end of June and he took plenty of time to weigh up his options and decide his next move. Palace were willing to make Zaha the highest-paid player in their history, while he was also the subject of intense interest from Saudi Pro League side Al Nassr, who were initially confident that the Ivorian would take them up on their lucrative contract offer. But 90min has long reported that Zaha's priority is to play in the Champions League. Marseille held talks over a move in recent months, but he has instead opted to join Turkish champions Galatasaray. In a parting statement, Crystal Palace said: "Wilfried Zaha has joined Galatasaray, following the expiration of his contract with Crystal Palace. "The 30-year-old winger was raised on Rothesay Road, just yards away from Selhurst Park, and has gone on to become a Crystal Palace legend and is widely regarded as the best player to ever pull on the red and blue shirt. "Zaha joined Palace's Academy at the age of eight, made his debut for the first-team aged 17 and went on to make 458 senior appearances in red and blue. He stands third on the club's all-time appearance list. "In the 13 years since his senior Palace debut, Zaha scored 90 goals, including 68 in the Premier League; was voted the club's Player of the Season in three consecutive years; and became one of world football's most consistently exciting forwards. "It was also Zaha who won the penalty in extra-time of the 2013 Championship Play-off Final, allowing Kevin Phillips to convert from the spot and trigger a new era in Palace history in the Premier League     where the Eagles have remained ever since. "Zaha's legendary contribution to the club's success was recently immortalised in the unveiling of a mural next to Selhurst Park, in front of his family and closest friends." Meanwhile, Palace are facing a fight to keep hold of Michael Olise, with sources confirming to 90min he is wanted by Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester CIty.