Newcastle are monitoring the situations of a number of Chelsea players, 90min understands, with both Conor Gallagher and Trevoh Chalobah on their radar. The Magpies are on the look out for squad depth as they prepare to return to the Champions League and are eyeing players with European experience, which has led them in Chelsea's direction. Chelsea have already agreed to over  £200m worth of sales. But they are still looking to trim their squad further and sources have confirmed to 90min that Newcastle are keeping tabs on a number of players who could potentially be available. One of those on Newcastle's radar is midfielder Gallagher. The 23-year-old was a target back in January and remains high on the Magpies' wish list, with a loan their preferred move at this point. However, with so much interest in Gallagher from across Europe, there is an awareness that Chelsea are unlikely to agree to a temporary move and so Newcastle would be prepared to consider signing the midfielder permanently. Chelsea have not yet made a final decision on Gallagher's future, with club officials keen to give new manager Mauricio Pochettino the chance to work with the England international first. feed Chalobah has also emerged as a potential target for Newcastle, who are looking for a new right-sided centre-back and have registered an interest in the 23-year-old. Like Gallagher, there is plenty of interest in Chalobah. In the Premier League, the defender is on the radars of both Crystal Palace and West Ham, while Serie A giants Inter have also voiced an interest in Chalobah during the ongoing discussions between the two clubs over Romelu Lukaku's future. 90min understands that Chelsea are keen to keep Chalobah, who signed a new six-year contract in November. The academy graduate made 33 appearances in all competitions across 2022/23, providing reliable cover at both centre-back and right-back, although he started fewer than half of Chelsea's Premier League games and is believed to be looking for a greater role next season. With Thiago Silva turning 39 in September, there is also an awareness that the veteran Brazilian may be in his final year at Chelsea and selling Chalobah could leave the Blues short in the future.