Time and time again, players get big moves after impressing at a World Cup, and Morocco goalkeeper Yassine Bounou could be about to do just that. More commonly referred to as Bono, the Sevilla goalkeeper was excellent in his team's unprecedented run to the semi-finals, both in open play and in their penalty shootout against Spain. Given those performances, a number of clubs will no doubt be taking a look at him in January, and we've picked out five that could do with his services.  The club Bono is perhaps most heavily linked with at the moment is Manchester United, and there's a reason for that.David de Gea has been excellent at times this season but has made his fair share of errors in recent years and lacking when it comes to reliability. Bono is potetially a safer pair of hands, and at the very least, his presence could push De Gea to step things up. If the Spaniard was unable to do so, Erik ten Hag would have an alternative ready to step in and steady the ship.The current level of competition at Old Trafford, Martin Dubravka and Tom Heaton, doesn't inspire loads of confidence. Bayern Munich have one of the best goalkeepers around in Manuel Neuer, but will be without him for the rest of the season after he broke his leg while skiing. They need someone who will be good enough to stand in for him until the end of the current campaign but happy to be his number two afterwards.Bono fits the bill perfectly, fully capable and most likely willing to play second fiddle for a few years before Neuer retires to get the chance to play for one of the world's biggest clubs.  Juventus don't currently have any issues in the goalkeeping department, but that could change soon.Wojciech Szczesny's contract expires in the summer of 2024 and he hasn't decided if he wants to sign a new deal.Should the Pole consider his future elsewhere, the club could well sell him at the end of the current campaign to ensure they get some money in. There is also the not insignificant a potential financial storm brewing in Turin.Juve already have a decent deputy in Mattia Perin but will need someone for the Italian to compete with, preferably a stopper who isn't likely to cost too much in terms of a transfer fee or wages.