Atalanta coach Gian Piero Gasperini has admitted it is impossible to put a deadline on Manchester United   s pursuit of striker Rasmus Hojlund because an offer for the 20-year-old that is too good to turn down could feasibly come at any time until the transfer window closes. Manchester United are in the market for a new 'number nine' this summer and are making more progress with Hojlund, who offers long-term potential in the position, than much more expensive readymade players of interest like Harry Kane or Victor Osimhen. Hojlund has played fewer than 100 senior games in his career. On the surface, his nine goals in Serie A last season doesn't automatically suggest the kind of transfer fee being talked about. But it's worth noting that he was a teenager for more than half the campaign and that he was sharing minutes with more senior forwards that limited him to only 20 league starts. He also has six in six for Denmark. As 90min previously reported, United's first two offers for Hojlund have been rejected by Atalanta, who are holding out for up to    80m ( £69m). Old Trafford officials are not willing to be held to ransom in the negotiations and aren   t willing to go much higher than    60m ( £51.5m). Hojlund wants to make the move and has openly stated in the past that he is a United fan. Now, 90min understands that talks between United and Atalanta over Hojlund are continuing, although at this stage the crucial breakthrough regarding an agreement is not very close. feed Clubs will often try and fix their own arbitrary deadlines during transfer negotiations, usually to get deals completed sooner rather than later to allow them to go back into the market     United have experienced in the past when talking to Borussia Dortmund about Jadon Sancho. But Gasperini has admitted Atalanta resorting to such tactics is pretty pointless. The transfer window for Premier League clubs to buy is open until 1 September, which potentially leaves a question over Hojlund   s future after the Serie A season begins on 20 August if a sale has not been agreed prior to that. Indeed when Atalanta signed the player themselves from Sturm Graz last summer, it was in the finals days of the transfer window after the season had begun. "Even if we fix a date, 15 August, the transfer market isn't over," Gasperini said, via Italy24. "If an offer [that is too good to refuse] arrives, the club, the player, decides later," he added. "Deadline? I would put 31 July, but realistically there is no possibility, even H  jlund was like this last year. Everything is random."