Chelsea believe they can convince Christopher Nkunku to abandon fresh contract talks with RB Leipzig and consider a move to Stamford Bridge instead. The France international recently won the Bundesliga's Player of the Season award. Tottenham and Manchester United both have a keen interest in Inter defender Alessandro Bastoni. The left-footed centre-back was part of Italy's Euro 2020 winning squad, while it's believed that the Nerazzurri need to make    60m profit in the transfer market this summer. Elsewhere at Spurs, Harry Kane is open to signing a new contract in north London as he is a big believer in Antonio Conte and his project. Paris Saint-Germain are ready to sell Neymar if they receive a suitable offer this summer after an underwhelming five years in the French capital, though they may struggle to find a buyer. Real Madrid are closing in on the signing of Aurelien Tchouameni after the midfielder snubbed moves to Chelsea, Liverpool and PSG. However, Los Blancos still need to agree a fee with Monaco. Arsenal remain intent on bringing Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry back to the Emirates Stadium, though missing out on Champions League football means they probably won't have the requisite funds to complete a deal this summer. Meanwhile, Gunners target Tammy Abraham has said that while he is happy at Roma, a move back to the Premier League is still a possibility in the future. Alvaro Morata is also on Arsenal's radar. Barcelona met with the representatives of highly-rated Aston Villa youngster Carney Chukwuemeka earlier this week, with the 18-year-old expected to leave the West Midlands. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss West Ham's Declan Rice contract plans, Gabriel Jesus' Manchester City future and how Aston Villa still want Yves Bissouma despite adding Boubacar Kamara to their ranks. There's also chat on Kylian Mbappe's decision to stay at PSG, Aurielen Tchouameni & Mohamed Salah. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is expected to leave Liverpool this summer. West Ham and Aston Villa are weighing up moves for the England midfielder.