Bayern Munich have drawn up a list of alternative options to Harry Kane in case their club record bid for the striker is rejected, 90min understands.  Sources confirmed to 90min last week that Bayern Munich had made a club record  £86m (   100m) bid to sign Tottenham talisman Kane this summer, having previously seen two offers rejected by Daniel Levy and co. in recent weeks.  As things stand, the Bundesliga holders are yet to receive a response from Tottenham regarding their most recent offer and have had no indication that it will be accepted.  Due to this uncertainty, Bayern officials have opted to draw up a list of alternative targets if a deal to sign Kane does not materliase.  feed 90min understands that one such alternative target is Dusan Vlahovic of Juventus. The forward asked to leave Juve in June - a request that was given its blessing by manager Massimiliano Allegri - following a disappointing 2022/23 campaign in Turin in which he managed just 10 Serie A goals.  Bayern have now made contact with Vlahovic's representatives in order to check in on the player's current situation at Juventus. 90min recently reported that Vlahovic's current employers have made attempts to get rid of the forward this summer already. The club has proposed a swap deal with Chelsea that would see the Serbian move to Stamford Bridge in exchange for Romelu Lukaku plus cash.  While Chelsea have held talks with Vlahovic's camp, they are not keen on the aforementioned deal as they are not interested in paying a fee in additiona to parting with Lukaku to get the forward.  Another striker that Bayern have shortlisted is France international and Eintracht Frankfurt star Randal Kolo Muani. The emerging talent has been linked with Bayern earlier this year, however 90min understands that Frankfurt's asking price of  £86m is not a fee that the club would be willing to pay.  Paris Saint-Germain are currently favourite to sign Kolo Muani, with the player already agreeing personal terms after talks accelerated over the weekend. Sources have confirmed to 90min that a deal is also likely to be agreed between the clubs soon, and a significant reason for that is PSG being willing offer Hugo Ekitike in part-exchange.  Kolo Muani is seen by PSG as an ideal replacement for Kylian Mbappe in plans for life without their superstar forward due to his current contract situation and desire to join Real Madrid. 