Manchester United are hopeful that the impact made by January signing Bruno Fernandes and the potential for a blossoming partnership with Paul Pogba might ultimately pave the way for the latter to commit his long-term future to the club. Pogba has been heavily linked with a move away from Old Trafford for over a year, with Real Madrid thought to be his dream destination where he could link up with French legend Zinedine Zidane. As things stand, the World Cup winner   s United contract only runs until 2021 and the club must trigger an extension to push it to 2022 or risk Pogba opening talks with foreign sides next January. Pogba   s long-term absence through injury and a lengthy recovery process has only helped to fuel speculation and uncertainty about his future. As a result of that layoff, he is yet to play with Fernandes, who has been responsible for lifting the whole club in recent months. The Daily Mail explains that the prospect of that partnership, which has been given its first life since the resumption of full training, will now become a factor in Pogba   s long-term thinking. A positive on-field relationship between the pair is expected to produce a willingness from both United and Pogba to begin exploring the possibility of extending beyond 2022. There is also a general belief that no clubs will be able to meet United   s valuation of the 27-year-old in the current climate, which has seen football finances badly impact by the coronavirus crisis. The Times recently reported that United have had no offers from Real Madrid and there are currently no talks. It has been explained he remains part of the future plans in Manchester and the club is even said to believe that agent Mino Raiola is the only man who wants a transfer to happen. The early signs in the Pogba/Fernandes tandem appear to be positive. It was revealed earlier this week that the pair have been gelling well upon training together for the first time     five months after Fernandes    initial arrival. They have very different personalities but there is said to be a shared    competitive streak    that    makes them respect each other   .  Eyes on the prize!       ? #MUFC #Pogba #Rashford A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Jun 3, 2020 at 1:03pm PDT Speaking himself about the prospect of playing with Pogba, Fernandes told Mario Djuorvski during an Instagram Live chat:    I think Paul is one of the best players in Manchester and in the world.