Fulham manager Marco Silva has confirmed he has received an offer to move to Saudi Arabia, as well as admitting that the Cottagers are assesing the future of Aleksandar Mitrovic. Fulham flew to America before the weekend ahead of a pre-season tour. But while they were travelling, Saudi Pro League side Al Ahli made a fresh attempt to lure Silva away. The Portuguese coch, who oversaw Fulham's impressive 10th place finish last season in their first year back in the Premier League, has previously shunned such interest. But Al Ahli have returned with a two-year offer worth around  £40m and that is now being considered. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Silva has held talks with Fulham's American-based owner Shahid Khan, who is looking to persuade him to commit his future to the club. Silva currently has a year left on his current deal and has turned down numerous offers of a new deal. "I will not lie to you and say I haven   t received an offer, the club know that. But I will not talk nothing more about that," said Silva after landing in the United States. "I don   t need to say many words here. I showed my commitment to the club so many times last season, in June again. My commitment to this club is total." As well as Silva, the Saudi Pro League are also attempting to land Fulham's star striker Aleksandar Mitrovic. Two bids from Al Hilal have been rejected, with the last one worth just over  £30m, but Fulham have made it clear he won't leave unless their valuation is met. feed "Let   s talk clearly about the situation of Mitrovic," Silva said. "It   s not he ideal scenario, I have to do tell you of course. As you know he   s not going to play on Sunday and he didn   t play last Wednesday, he   s not working properly with his team-mates and when I say it   s not the ideal scenario, this is the situation. "I have spoken to Mitro already, he knows my opinion. I   m here to give my best for all my players to protect them in everything I can.    Silva is believed to be considering signing a new deal at Fulham, but he is concerned about the future plans and their vision. "The situation is more than just one player being linked," he explained. "We lost seven players from last season, the main ones are still here and under me but when you lose a big number of players and have to prepare for a  Premier League  season and you didn   t sign at least one, at least to make the fans a bit more happy with the situation, this is the biggest thing for me. All the other things, I manage in an easy way." Fulham for their part, are looking at options away from Silva and one of those is understood to be former Chelsea boss Graham Potter. The club are also looking at making inroads in the transfer market and are close to wrapping up deals for Mohammed Salisu and Calvin Bassey. The Cottagers have agreed terms with Southampton and Ajax respectively, for both defenders and they are similar in size worth around  £15m each. They have moved on from Fiorentina defender Igor - who is close to agreeing a move to Brighton instead.