Young Brazilian Reinier Jesus has completed a two-year loan switch from Real Madrid to Borussia Dortmund.  The 18-year-old joined Real Madrid back in January in deal worth  £26m, with the attacking midfielder signing a six-year contract. However, he hasn't been able to feature for the first team since his move as La Liga  rules prevent sides from having more than three non-EU players registered at one time. While Los Blancos had reached their limit, Reinier has been training with the first team regularly.  Borussia Dortmund has completed the signing of @ReinierJesus_19 from Real Madrid on a two-year loan! pic.twitter.com/k9YXV8RbIo The former Flamengo man had been linked with a loan move to Borussia Dortmund, with reports suggesting he would join the Bundesliga outfit on a season-long loan. However, Dortmund have now confirmed on their official website that the teenager has put pen to paper on a two-year loan. It is understood there is no option to buy.  Speaking after signing his deal with Dortmund, Reinier was keen to allude to the opportunities and platform the club have given young players to help them succeed. He said: "I   m happy that I   m now at BVB. The club is known for its focus on young players and improving them.  "I would like to learn a lot and play a lot here, help the team and be successful. I hope that we   ll experience many happy moments together." Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc shared his delight following confirmation that the deal had been completed, particularly emphasising the talent Reinier possesses. He added: "Reinier is a player who possesses enormous talent and can be deployed in various attacking positions. "We   ve been keeping tabs on the lad for over two years; in addition to his outstanding technical qualities, he also boasts a strong physical presence. Following the long break from competitive football, we   ll give him the necessary time to adapt to professional football in Germany and he can then be an additional option for us going forward." BVB ama nossos brasileiros ??J  lio C  sarDed  EvanilsonM  rcio AmorosoEwerthonL  androFl  vio Concei   £oTingaFelipe SantanaAnt  nio Da Silva??????? ????? ????????       