Exclusive: Internazionale are prepared to offer defender Milan Skriniar and midfield maestro Marcelo Brozovic to Chelsea, in the hope of concluding a deal for French superstar N'Golo Kante.  I Nerazzurri coach Antonio Conte is a huge admirer of the World Cup winner, and he is desperate to bring him to San Siro this summer. However, the overall cost of the deal could prove a major stumbling block for the Italian giants, with his price tag and wages seemingly out of Inter's range.  The 29-year-old is a major earner at Stamford Bridge, collecting in excess of  £250,000-a-week, and he has been considered an invaluable asset to the club in recent years. Frank Lampard is looking to freshen up his midfield options before the current window closes however, and Kante, who has featured less of late, could be sacrificed to free up some space on the wage bill.  That's where Inter come in. 90min understands that I Nerazzurri hold genuine interest in landing the talented Frenchman, and they are willing to send two top players in the opposite direction to secure the deal.  Conte is prepared to part with centre-back Skriniar and Croatian star Brozovic - two players who Chelsea have already enquired about this summer - to make room for Kante. The duo were integral to an Inter side which finished second in Serie A last season, although Skriniar occasionally struggled in the new system.  Brozovic was a standout performer at San Siro, but Inter are aware that his market value may now be at its peak. Not to mention, the World Cup finalist has made it clear via his agents, that he would love to play for Lampard at Chelsea, alongside national compatriot and close-friend Mateo Kovacic.  Kovacic was a key player in the Blues' midfield last season, and he nailed down a regular starting place ahead of plenty of competition.  This competition came in the form of Ross Barkley and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, both of whom have failed to impress Lampard when given the chance, meaning they could be allowed to leave the club this summer. However, the pair may be given another opportunity in the side, should they fail to find a suitable home in the transfer window. 