Borussia Dortmund expect Real Madrid and Barcelona to start showing interest in Jadon Sancho next summer, which means that Manchester United could have major competition for the winger   s signature if they fail to agree a deal this year. United have been intent on signing Sancho all season and have been confident of doing so since last September. They were previously willing to pay up to  £120m for his services, but their valuation has dropped below  £100m in light of the impact of the coronavirus crisis. Dortmund, however, are still doggedly demanding    120m ( £108m) for the 20-year-old and the two clubs appear to be at impasse in negotiations. Sancho himself is known to be keen on the idea of joining United and is excited by the prospect of linking up with the team   s existing stars, but he may have to formally request a transfer if he wants to leave this summer. According to the Daily Mirror, Dortmund believe that Real Madrid and Barcelona will come on the scene for Sancho in 2021. The transfer market is expected to start recovering next year and it is said Dortmund think they could get more than  £100m if they hold on for now. As things stand, United are in the somewhat unique position of being the only club seriously interested in one of the best young players in the world because others lack the resources in the current financial climate brought on by the pandemic. The Mirror notes that the Old Trafford club are likely to consider this development a    ploy    to pressure them into paying more now amid the supposed threat of competition. Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc insisted on Monday that Sancho is staying with the Bundesliga side for the coming season and that decision is    final   . Chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke reiterated that stance when speaking to broadcaster RTL on Thursday:    We are Westphalians. We agreed on this rule, which Zorc explained on Monday. For a Westphalian, definite means definite.  Jadon will play with us for the 2020/21 season. There is no room for interpretation." You love to see it ? pic.twitter.com/RK0rFmngyt Despite the public front, which was also the case shortly before Ousmane Dembele and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left the club, Dortmund privately still expect to reach an agreement with United this summer and Sancho is likely to sign a five-year contract at Old Trafford. Sources with knowledge of the situation told  90min:     Jadon has made his stance clear with the club, he wants this deal finalised     he has no plans to start the season with Dortmund, but they have told him that they fully expect things to be done.