Manchester City midfielder Kalvin Phillips is already prepared to leave the club less than a year after completing an initial  £42m transfer from Leeds last summer, 90min understands. Phillips had established himself as one of the Premier League   s top defensive midfielders and was an England starter at Euro 2020, earning himself the Three Lions    player of the year award in 2021. It paved the way to join Pep Guardiola   s City, but the 27-year-old has spent a considerable amount of time either out injured or on the bench. He has managed only 56 minutes of Premier League action and his only starts have been against Bristol City and Southampton in the cups. Phillips still commanded a place in England   s 2022 World Cup and did play twice as a substitute. But when he returned to Manchester, Guardiola said he was    not injured    but    arrived overweight    and there wasn   t    in the condition to do training sessions and to play    for City. Guardiola has repeatedly said in recent months that City    need    Phillips and has urged him to rise to the challenge of competing with Rodri for a place in the team. manual But, as of late March, Phillips is still struggling to get a meaningful look in. His last appearance came against RB Leipzig when City were already 6-0 up, while he also came off the bench when the team was leading 4-0 against Bournemouth in the Premier League last month. In more recent games that have been much tighter against Newcastle and Crystal Palace, Phillips has remained an unused substitute. That lack of playing time could be a factor in his future. 90min understands that Phillips is concerned by the potential impact on his England chances, even warned by Three Lions staff that a repeat of this season could hurt his chances of going to Euro 2024 next year. Former club Leeds made an offer to take him back during the January transfer window, with West Ham having also made an unsuccessful winter approach. 90min can report that Newcastle, Leicester and Wolves are interested and would be in the mix if and when he becomes available. 90min understands that Manchester City will not stand in the player   s way should he want to leave. The reigning Premier League champions could even sanction an initial loan with a view to a permanent deal as it seems unlikely they will recoup their  £42m outlay. Phillips    substantial wages could also present an obstacle.