Sergio Ramos    future at Real Madrid beyond this season is growing increasingly uncertain following suggestions in Spain that he has now rejected the offer of a new contract at the Bernabeu. Ramos will become a free agent at the end of June if no agreement is reached and is already being monitored by the all of the    Big Six    clubs in the Premier League     Liverpool, Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham. Ramos has so far been unable to come to an agreement with Real over wages, causing talks to stall. The 34-year-old is also thought to be seeking a longer deal than the club has been prepared to give. The latest from Marca is now that he has turned down the offer on the table from Real, said to be on similar terms to his current contract, although not including the additional pay cut that players have been forced to accept this season amid the coronavirus crisis. It is said that the situation has changed very suddenly as things were still considered    normal    on 1 January. But despite the threat of losing their longest serving player and talisman, Real are digging in and Marca adds that they are not prepared to change their stance. Real would be distressed to see Ramos leave from a football perspective, but the way that the club has been affected by the coronavirus pandemic could lead to more than just short-term concessions and shape a more measured and sustainable approach to the longer term future. But while re-signing Ramos, who 90min has ranked as the second best centre-back in the world, to the contract he wants may not be financially viable for Real Madrid, his potential availability could further capture the interest of England   s top sides. 90min previously revealed in November that all of the Premier League   s aforementioned top sides have expressed an interest in signing Ramos should he decide to move on. Those clubs have already been in touch with the player   s camp to let it be known that he will have offers from England if he is genuinely going to leave Madrid. But the air of scepticism is important as Manchester United in particular got burnt in their very public pursuit of Ramos in 2015.