Exclusive - West Ham are yet to agree a loan fee with Manchester United for Jesse Lingard, who is growing frustrated by the Red Devils' unwillingness to strike a deal. The 28-year-old England international has been told he is not in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's long-term plans at Old Trafford, despite the club taking up the option to extend his contract until the summer of 2022. High-flying West Ham, who currently sit fourth in the Premier League, have been looking at a number of forward options this month after allowing club-record signing Sebastien Haller to depart the London Stadium for Ajax. The Hammers were previously weighing up a move for in-form Reims striker Boulaye Dia, but they have opted to prioritise the signing of attacking midfielder Lingard instead and are hopeful of completing a move before Monday's transfer deadline. To accommodate his arrival, West Ham have brought forward the permanent signing of playmaker Said Benrahma from Brentford, which was initially due to go through in March after the completion of a follow-up medical.  The Algerian had initially joined on loan in October, and a move for Lingard would not have been possible had the deal not been finalised earlier than planned, with both domestic loan spots taken up in the Hammers' squad by Benrahma and Craig Dawson, whose parent club is Watford. As it stands, West Ham have made a loan offer worth up to  £1.5m, based on the club's performance for the rest of the season, with an option or obligation to buy Lingard. But United want more of an initial fee from the Hammers, and at this point they have not included an option to buy in their talks. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Lingard is hugely frustrated by United's stance and is demanding he be allowed to leave so he can resurrect his career, while West Ham owner David Sullivan personally spoke with United chief executive Ed Woodward on Thursday in an attempt to get a deal over the line. Sam Allardyce also made a bid to take Lingard on loan to struggling West Bromwich Albion earlier this month, but the Baggies were put off by United asking for around  £2m should they retain their Premier League status.