Kylian Mbappe has reiterated his desire to stay with Paris Saint-Germain and see out the remainder of his contract in the French capital, 90min understands. The 24-year-old shocked PSG earlier this summer when he told them he would not be exercising the option to extend his contract, which is set to expire in June next year. PSG have responded by trying to sell Mbappe this summer, in a desperate bid to avoid losing one of the world's best players on a free transfer, but he has made it clear on numerous occasions that he intends to leave next year as a free agent. The Ligue 1 giants even accepted a world record offer of  £257m (   300m) from Al Hilal last month, but despite putting forward a gargantuan contract offer to Mbappe, the PIF-backed Saudi Pro League side were unable to persuade the World Cup Golden Boot winner to enter negotiations. Chelsea have also been contracted by PSG in a bid to drum up further interest in Mbappe, as have a number of other heavyweight European clubs. Mbappe was left out of PSG's recent pre-season tour of Japan and has been banished from first-team duties as the dispute between player and club rages on - sources have told 90min that club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has even warned Fayza Lamari, his mother and agent, that Mbappe will 'not put a PSG shirt on again.' manual Despite the hostile atmopshere, Mbappe's position on the matter remains unchanged. 90min understands that he intends to spend the next 12 months in Paris before moving on to his next venture, which many believe will be at Real Madrid, and he has informed PSG of his plan. Sources close to Mbappe and Real Madrid have vehemently denied that an agreement is already in place for him to move to the Spanish capital next summer, but he came within a whisker of joining Madrid in 2022 before a last-minute change of heart saw him sign a new contract at PSG. Mbappe's sidelining is part of a radical overhaul at PSG this summer. Lionel Messi has already departed for Inter Miami, while the Parisiens are also keen to ship out Neymar. He has interest in his services from Saudi Arabia, with a potential return to Barcelona also rumoured in recent weeks.