Leicester City are still pushing hard to convince James Maddison that his long-term future should be at the King Power Stadium, 90min understands. Maddison has less than 18 months left on his current deal and has already turned down a number of offers from Leicester to extend his contract. The 26-year-old has emerged as one of the Premier League   s top attacking midfielders and his form made it impossible for Gareth Southgate to ignore and, although not used, he won a place in the England 2022 World Cup squad. Leicester are prepared to make him the highest paid player in the club's history, but their poor form this season means that next term they will not be able to offer him European football unless they win the FA Cup. Leicester are well aware of interest in Maddison. Newcastle tried to land him last summer and have retained a strong interest, while Manchester City, Tottenham and Arsenal have all been kept informed of his situation. 90min now understands that Leicester have made it clear to Maddison   s representatives what they are willing to offer him financially. However, Leicester also realise this is likely the last push they can and will make to persuade him to sign his new deal, otherwise they are looking at a summer sale. Leicester are already losing one star player on a free transfer in the summer, with Youri Tielemans departing, and they will be eager not to lose two stars in one window.  Brendan Rodgers remains hopeful that Maddison could be persuaded to stay, but admits there is little more Leicester can do. "I think he knows how much he   s loved and the impact he   s had here,    Rodgers said at the weekend. "It   s just going to be about him and where he sees the next steps of his career. That   s nothing against the club or against anyone, he   s probably a player that wants to play at the very highest level and he   s showing he can do that. "He   s a top, top player but in the meantime we   re not taking anything away from him, he   s very committed. You see him, he led them out, his chest was out and he absolutely loved it, it was right up his street." This Leicester City team have been so disappointing this season but, with the right signings, next season I think they could be very, very dangerous. So with Maddison, it just depends on whether or not he feels it's the right time to move on.  He has 18 months left on his deal and there's been loads of interest.