The pressure is on West Ham manager David Moyes to turn things around at London Stadium, with a poor start to the season undermining what was a very encouraging summer transfer window. The Hammers spent over  £150m on new players, splashing out on the likes of Lucas Paqueta, Gianluca Scamacca, Thilo Kehrer and Nayef Aguerd in a bid to push on and become genuine Champions League qualification contenders, but they lost nine of the 15 Premier League games they played prior to the World Cup break. That dismal set of domestic results has left West Ham 16th in the Premier League table, just a point above the relegation zone, while they have taken just 39 points from the 34 Premier League games they have played this calendar year - a stark contrast to the form shown when reaching last season's Europa League semi finals. Six wins from six Europa Conference League games has papered over some of the cracks, but there's no disputing that Moyes - who has been given a vote of confidence by West Ham's board - is under pressure to start delivering a return on the hefty investments made in the summer. The pressure on the Scot will inevitably be lifted should results improve after Christmas, but there's also potential for some transfer window activity to shake things up at West Ham. Harry Symeou hosts Jack Gallagher and Toby Cudworth to look back on Germany '06 as part of the 'Our World Cup' series. We take a trip down memory lane - join us! If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download or listen to the episode in full! 90min understands that West Ham will potentially look at bringing in a new striker, but there could also be movement in defence. The Hammers are impressed by Celtic full-back Josip Juranovic, but any move for the Croatian, or any other full-back for that matter, is dependent on whether Bayer Leverkusen firm up their interest in Vladimir Coufal - the Czech Republic international has been in and out of West Ham's side this season and will be allowed to leave if the price is right. West Ham could also explore a deal for Everton centre-back Michael Keane, who has been on the fringes of Frank Lampard's starting XI this season.  The 29-year-old has been at Goodison Park for five years, but is a potential target if Craig Dawson, a cult hero among West Ham supporters, leaves in January in order to move closer to his family. Wolves and Aston Villa were previously interested in taking him to the Midlands, but a summer move was canned when West Ham failed to land Jan Bednarek from Southampton. 90min revealed on deadline day in September that Newcastle were closing in on the signing of young full-back Harrison Ashby, but the plug was pulled on a move at the last minute.