Liverpool are pushing ahead with their bid to sign Brighton & Hove Albion star Alexis Mac Allister and would like to secure a deal this month, sources have told 90min. The 24-year-old has been one of the Premier League's most consistent players this season, and scored a clutch penalty for Brighton in their 1-0 win over Manchester United on Thursday. The goal was Mac Allister's ninth Premier League strike of the 2022/23 campaign, with his contributions in midfield helping push Brighton towards a top-six finish and qualification for next season's Europa League. Mac Allister's prolonged outstanding form has attracted the interest of a number of Premier League clubs, and the Argentine, who lifted the World Cup with his country in December, looks set to leave the Amex Stadium this summer in a bid to further his career. Liverpool, who are looking to bring in up to three new midfielders this summer, are heading the queue for Mac Allister, 90min understands, and talks have taken place with the player's representatives and his father, Carlos - who confirmed last month that he was looking to strike a deal before the end of the season. The Reds are fearful of rival clubs coming in for Mac Allister, and that's a key reason for them wanting to strike a deal sooner rather than later. However, Brighton are in no hurry to sell as they know Manchester City, Manchester United, Tottenham, Chelsea and Newcastle are all keeping tabs on the situation. feed Mac Allister signed a new and improved contract before the World Cup, which puts Brighton, who have previously received significant transfer fees when selling Ben White and Marc Cucurella among others, in a strong negotiating position. Indeed, sources have told 90min that a deal may need to be worth as much as  £70m to Mac Allister away from the south coast, with the Seagulls only willing to do business on their terms. As it stands Brighton hope that Mac Allister will be their only major departure this summer, but a number of the club's players are continuing to attract interest. Ecuadorian midfielder Moises Caicedo was the subject of bids from Chelsea and Arsenal in January, and although he has since signed a new contract, the Seagulls are anticipating renewed interest in his services this summer.