With the World Cup over, it's nice to get back to our regularly scheduled programming as Chelsea are linked with every single high-value player under the sun. The Blues' transfer policy since the arrival of new owner Todd Boehly has felt a tad scattergun at times, particularly in their approach to first-team signings. But the headlines here are largely positive; if nothing else, Boehly seems to place value in data-driven transfer activity and investing in youth, both of which bode extremely well for the club's long-term success. Chelsea have already brought in Wesley Fofana, Gabriel Slonina and Carney Chukwuemeka among others since Boehly's arrival, with a host of other young stars soon to follow. While many of these players won't peak for years to come, the club are assembling a roster of talent that could be the envy of every club in the world before long. Watch 90min's TFP on YouTube as Harry Symeou, Scott Saunders, Grizz Khan, Lawrence Bury and Daniel Childs look ahead of the Premier League's return. Subscribe to the channel! The next wonderkid being linked with a move to Stamford Bridge is RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol. The centre-back is only 20 years old, but has been one of the Bundesliga's most talked-about talents for two years and was outstanding in Croatia's run to the World Cup semi-finals. Gvardiol would be both a short and long-term signing, one who could play another 15 years at the top level but would also be ready to slot into the team immediately. But how would Chelsea line up with Gvardiol in their side? Let's look at some options. Chelsea manager Graham Potter is renowned for his tactical flexibility, with his teams frequently changing shape from game to game and even during matches. With that in mind, we thought we'd look at how Gvardiol could fit into a number of possible formations. In a back four, Gvardiol would typically play as the left-sided centre-back, with either Wesley Fofana or Cesar Azpilicueta to his right. This would allow Ben Chilwell or Marc Cucurella to play in a more familiar left-back role. Gvardiol's pace, composure and skill on the ball would give whoever played at left-back the freedom to get up the pitch, knowing they have the support of a centre-back who can hold a high line and keep things tight at the back. Possible lineup: GK: Mendy; RB: James, CB: Fofana, CB: Gvardiol, LB: Chilwell; CM: Jorginho, CM: Kovacic; RW: Sterling, CAM: Mount, LW: Pulisic; ST: Havertz. Potter is no stranger to a back three, and neither is Gvardiol. The Croatian is capable of playing at centre-back and left-back, making him perfect as the left-sided centre-back in a three. In this role, he is able to combine his defensive acumen with marauding runs up the pitch, helping his side progress the ball while still being able to quickly get back and do the dirty work.