Welcome to 90min's transfer blog this Wednesday, keeping you on top of every breaking story, report and rumour that you need to know about. Transfer action has kicked into life these past few days after a relatively quiet window until this point, and clubs now have less than a week to complete their wheeling and dealing this season. You can keep on top of everything in the live blog below... We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of today's transfer rumours. Check back tomorrow for more!  Liverpool are prepared to let both Neco Williams and Nat Phillips leave the club before the transfer window closes on Monday.  According to the Independent, the latter is wanted by two Premier League clubs - with West Ham and Watford being the most likely admirers of the defender.  Young Schalke defender has been linked with a January move to either Liverpool or AC Milan by Sky Sports.  The 20-year-old could be the guy to quell Milan's recent defensive issues, with the Serie A giants struggling due to injuries to, well, every centre-back at the club. Highly-rated Ilaix Moriba is being linked with a move to Valencia this January. According to AS, the club see Moriba as the perfect replacement for Daniel Wass - who has been heavily linked with a move to Atletico Madrid.  Florian Wirtz is the latest superstar-in-the-making to come through at Bayer Leverkusen, and at just 18 years old he's already the subject of intense speculation over his future.  The latest report on his future, courtesy of Sport1, has suggested that Bayern - despite usually signing every good Bundesliga player - are not keen to get into a bidding war for the Wirtz.  Interesting...  Brazilian international Bruno Guimaraes has told Lyon that he wants to join Newcastle United this month, 90min understands. It is believed that a    40m fee would be required to bring the player to St. James' Park, but one of the main issues at the moment is the make-up of the deal, in terms of bonuses, payment schedules and other money due to third parties - such as the 20% sell-on fee for Paranaense. Personal terms are not said to be an issue.  Another day, another left-back being linked with a move to Chelsea.  Today that left-back is Juventus' Alex Sandro. La Gazzetta dello Sport are reporting that the Blues are interested in bringing the Brazilian to Stamford Bridge before the end of the January window - news that Juve fans will be pleased with because he's not been very good this season.  Despite Dusan Vlahovic's impending move to Juventus, it looks like Alvaro Morata will not be leaving the club in January.  According to COPE's Helena Condis Edo, Morata's meetings with club representatives in Madrid have not gone to plan. Atletico Madrid are only interested in a permanent transfer from his parent club to Barcelona, rather than a move that would see Morata's Juve loan transferred to Barcelona.  As we reported last week on @90min_Football, sticking point with any Arthur move has been the length of the loan. Juventus have been keen to offload Arthur on a longer-term basis, whereas Arsenal's offer has always been a six-month loan deal. pic.twitter.com/azBkmnzAa7 Juventus are still standing firm with their demands for Brazil midfielder Arthur. They want an 18-month loan at the very least, but as 90min reported last week, Arsenal are not offering that. The Gunners only want six months, and unless they budge, this move looks like it won't go through. Atletico Madrid are set to sign Daniel Wass as their replacement for Kieran Trippier, says Fabrizio Romano. They have been negotiating with Valencia all month and have now finally struck a deal to bring the Denmark international in. ESPN state that Barcelona could push to sign Wolves' Adama Traore this month regardless of what happens with Ousmane Dembele. Tottenham have been pushing for Traore, but as revealed by 90min, they are yet to agree to Wolves' demands. Everton are the latest side to express an interest in Tanguy Ndombele, according to Foot Mercato. The Toffees are prepared to pay his wages to take Ndombele on loan, but the Frenchman isn't particularly keen on joining Everton. AS report that Real Madrid will not terminate Reinier's loan with Borussia Dortmund, despite concerns over his lack of minutes. The 20-year-old has 53 minutes of Bundesliga action to his name this season, but Real are not looking to find him a better home. Sources have now confirmed to 90min that Newcastle are once again looking at Bakker. You can find all the details here. Manchester City are close to sealing a deal to sign MTK Budapest starlet Zalan Vancsa, say The Telegraph. The 17-year-old has been chased by a number of the game's top sides but is close to committing his future to the Premier League leaders. He's ??????? arrived ?Welcome to Watford, Samuel Kalu! ?? pic.twitter.com/3L0X1GASYl Watford have completed the signing of 24-year-old winger Samuel Kalu from Bordeaux on a permanent deal. ?       pic.twitter.com/z71eip30DP Man Utd have been reluctant to accept Newcastle's  £10m loan offer for Jesse Lingard because, according to The Guardian, they value him at... Wait for it...  £50m. Next up in the Newcastle merry-go-round is Bayer Leverkusen left-back Mitchel Bakker. L'Equipe state that a    20m bid has gone in, and Bakker's agents are in England already to try and get this one done. Earlier reports from Italy tipped Newcastle to launch a bid for striker Armando Broja, who is currently shining on loan with Southampton. The feeling is that Chelsea will resist a mid-season sale, however, in favour of evaluating the situation again at the end of the season. Gerard Romero has revealed that Barcelona are working on a deal to sign Borussia Dortmund right-back Thomas Meunier. As part of the deal, Barcelona hope to send Sergino Dest to Dortmund in exchange. William Saliba would prefer to leave Marseille at the end of the season and fight for his spot in the Arsenal squad, say football.london. Earlier reports had claimed that Saliba could stay in France if Marseille reach the Champions League next season. Juventus' imminent signing of Dusan Vlahovic has seen Alvaro Morata suddenly become expendable,  and Sport say that has helped his chances of joining Barcelona. Juventus and parent club Atletico Madrid are both ready to approve the move, and El Desmarque add that Morata and his agent are currently in Madrid to negotiate his exit. TuttoMercatoWeb are back once again, but this time, they've brought a claim that Newcastle have launched a bid for Chelsea's Armando Broja.  £34m is on the table apparently, but loan club Southampton are also expected to bid soon as well. Liverpool are keeping a very close eye on Juventus forward Paulo Dybala, say TuttoMercatoWeb. The Reds have been tipped to launch a bid for Dybala in the coming weeks, and he is believed to be interested in what Liverpool have to say. Sky Sports claim that Georginio Wijnaldum would be keen on a move to Arsenal this month. Things haven't gone particularly well for him at PSG and he could return to the Premier League six months after leaving Liverpool. Wolves have confirmed that they have triggered their option to sign Hwang Hee-chan permanently at the end of the season. Inter have struck a deal to sign Atalanta left-back Robin Gosens, says Fabrizio Romano. The German is set to join on an initial loan with a    25m obligation to buy in the summer. Here's a good one for you. Ousmane Dembele's agent has landed in Barcelona and his arrival was caught on camera. He had his phone in one hand and coincidentally received a call while the screen was pointed towards the camera. Who was calling him? "Leonardo PSG" What's that? You want more Newcastle rumours? Well, you're in luck! The next centre-back tipped to move to St James' is Brighton's Dan Burn, with negotiations over a  £10m move reportedly underway. Lyon have released a statement denying that they have agreed a fee with Newcastle for the sale of Bruno Guimaraes. "Olympique Lyonnais categorically denies the false information disseminated by many media reporting an agreement between Newcastle and OL for the transfer of Brazilian international midfielder Bruno Guimaraes. "In this transfer window period where the slightest rumour is often presented as reality, Olympique Lyonnais reminds that only information officially released by the club is to be taken into consideration." In case you've missed it, Neymar has released a documentary about his life and career on Netflix recently. The Brazil superstar opened up on his desire to leave PSG in the last few years in order to return to Barcelona.    When I made the decision to leave PSG, it wasn   t because of a fan or a club.    It   s because I saw that I felt better elsewhere. I never had anything against PSG supporters, nor against the club itself. It was never that.    On the contrary. I am very grateful, we are on the same side, we defend the same shirt. I am here to help.    Despite earlier reports that Newcastle have agreed a fee for Bruno Guimaraes, 90min understands this isn't the case just yet. You can read the latest on the deal here. Niklas Sule will leave Bayern Munich upon the expiry of his contract this summer, according to CEO Oliver Kahn. "The negotiations with Niklas dragged on for a very long time. We made him an offer. He didn't accept it. He wants to leave the club at the end of the season. "We have a certain responsibility when it comes to the offers. We have to stick to certain financial conditions. It's normal in this business that you'll not always reach an agreement." There's been some transfer action at Spurs, but only on the outgoings front. Jack Clarke has joined Sunderland on loan for the rest of the season... Jack Clarke has joined League One side Sunderland on loan for the remainder of the season.Good luck, Jack! ? Tottenham are closing in on the loan signing of Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, though the player still needs to green-light the move himself. You can read more on this developing story here. Mundo Deportivo ran a story this morning claiming that Bryan Gil is desperate to leave Spurs after just six months in north London. But the floppy-haired winger has responded to these claims on Twitter... ????? Well, it's not Christian Eriksen (yet), but it's still good news for Brentford. Star forward Bryan Mbeumo - who has managed to hit the woodwork a league-high seven times this season - has signed a new contract in west London until 2026. Brighton have had an initial bid for Braga and Spain striker Abel Ruiz turned down, 90min understands. You can read our exclusive story here. Tottenham want Tanguy Ndombele to leave. Ndombele wants to leave. PSG want Ndombele. Ndombele wants PSG. Simple, right? Well, not quite. The Evening Standard report that PSG need to clear their wage bill a little to make room for Ndombele. Spanish TV personality Albert Lesan has shared a story of a conversation he had with former Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu. The ex-Bar  a chief revealed that Gerard Pique bumped into Matthijs de Ligt while holidaying in 2019 - the year he left Ajax - and advised the Dutch youngster against a move to Camp Nou at this stage of his career. Barcelona could probably have done with him is the tragic truth... While Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang isn't keen on a move to Saudi Arabia, Arsenal seem insistent that he doesn't have a future at the club. The Telegraph say that out-of-contract Jack Wilshere will join the Gunners on a warm-weather training camp this week, but former club captain Aubameyang will not. Ouch. What's that? Another player linked with Newcastle? Surely not. The Chronicle are reporting that Attila Szalai has been offered to the Magpies as a deal for Diego Carlos hangs in the balance. The Hungary international had been heavily linked with a move to Chelsea in the autumn. Oh Bryan Gil, we hardly knew ye. According to Mundo Deportivo, the Spanish youngster has not adapted to life in England and wants out of Spurs after just six months in north London. England striker Tammy Abraham has impressed since moving to Roma, and the club are keen to build around the former Chelsea man. Gazzetta dello Sport write that Roma want to tie down fellow starlet Nicolo Zaniolo to a new deal amid prior interest from Tottenham and are able to start building a young core. Wolves have been flying under Bruno Lage this season, thanks in part to the contributions of RB Leipzig loanee Hwang Hee-Chan. And Alex Crook of Talksport reports that the club are ready to activate their  £14m clause to make the South Korean's move to Molineux permanent. Imagine being 15 and having the world's top clubs chasing your signature. Well, that's the life of Brazilian starlet Endrick, who has broken into the Palmeiras first team and is being eyed by Europe's elite. Marca report that Real Madrid are now the frontrunners to sign the teenager, but it's hardly a foregone conclusion that he'll end up at the Santiago Bernabeu. It seemed inevitable that elite-club journeyman Alvaro Morata somehow find his way to Barcelona eventually. Mundo Deportivo write that Xavi is keen to sign the Spain striker in addition to Ajax left-back Nicolas Tagliafico before the end of the window. The rise of Albanian youngster Armando Broja has been exciting to watch, going from strength to strength on loan at Southampton. And now Fabrizio Romano reports that the Saints will make a club-record  £25m offer to Chelsea to sign the striker on a permanent deal. 90min understands that talks between all parties regarding Jesse Lingard's proposed loan to Newcastle broke down late on Tuesday. However, a deal isn't quite dead yet and further negotiations are planned for this week. You can read the full story here. One of January's longest running sagas appears to be coming to an end, with it being widely reported that Juventus have agreed terms for the transfer of Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic. Commiserations, Arsenal fans. After a rather rancid January, Arsenal have come crashing back down to Earth and it's become apparent that they need to add to their squad. The Athletic report that Mikel Arteta has identified three key targets, with Wolves' Ruben Neves headlining his shortlist. Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Aston Villa midfielder Douglas Luiz are also under consideration.