The January 2023 transfer window has come to an end with an unprecedented level of spending in the Premier League. While teams around Europe plotted smart and frugal moves, some sides in England's top flight kicked into gear as soon as the market opened. The amount of money spent over the past few weeks will likely have serious implications on the state of the transfer market for years to come. Here's how much Premier League clubs spent to bolster their squads in time for the second half of the season. Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  to discuss why Joao Cancelo looks set to join Bayern Munich on loan from Man City, Arsenal's ongoing pursuit of Moises Caicedo & the futures of Pedro Porro, Enzo Fernandez, Youri Tielemans and more. If you can't see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! A new record for Premier League spending in a January transfer window was set in the 2022/23 season. January 2023 saw  £815m forked out for transfers, almost doubling the previous record of  £430m spent in 2018's winter window. It is also an incredible increase on the 2021 window, when clubs were hamstrung by the financial effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, parting with just  £70m. Window Spend January 2023  £815m January 2022  £295m January 2021  £70m January 2020  £230m January 2019  £180m January 2018  £430m Chelsea comfortably blew their competitors out of the water with their transfer outlay this month. The Blues are struggling in the Premier League and owner Todd Boehly has thrown money at the problem, parting with an enormous  £323m to facilitate deals for the likes of Mykhailo Mudryk, Benoit Badiashile and Noni Madueke just to name a few. The spending elsewhere was evenly spread, though some clubs like Brentford and Everton didn't make senior additions and others went down the loan route, with many deals having options or obligations for permanent transfers. Arsenal reinforced their Premier League title bid by bringing in Leandro Trossard from Brighton as well as Chelsea midfielder Jorginho and Polish defender Jakub Kiwior. Down at the other end of the table, Southampton backed manager Nathan Jones with late and pricey moves for Paul Onuachu and Kamaldeen Sulemana to boost their attacking options. Team Fees spent on first team transfers Arsenal  £59m Aston Villa  £28m Bournemouth  £44m Brentford  £0 Brighton  £3.5m Chelsea  £323m Crystal Palace  £10m Everton  £0 Fulham  £8m Leeds  £49.7m Leicester  £17m Liverpool  £35m Manchester City  £8.2m Manchester United  £0 Newcastle  £43m Nottingham Forest  £16m Southampton  £58.9m Tottenham  £0 West Ham  £12m Wolves  £32.4m Clubs like Manchester United and Tottenham didn't make permanent signings in January, though the former still brought in Jack Butland, Wout Weghorst and Marcel Sabitzer on loan, while Spurs eventually got the Pedro Porro deal through - that will be made permanent later this year. Brentford signed Bundesliga attacker Kevin Schade with a view to a permanent transfer, but the best Everton could do was recall Ellis Simms from his loan spell at Sunderland. New manager Sean Dyche also has to make do without Anthony Gordon, who was sold to Newcastle for  £40m. Chelsea showed they weren't messing around early in the transfer window by forking out    100m for Ukraine prospect Mykhailo Mudryk, but the young winger wasn't the Blues' priciest addition. That honour goes to Enzo Fernandez, who cost the west London giants a staggering    121m. Benfica were adamant he would not leave on the cheap after a starring role at the winter World Cup, while they were also compensated for losing a key player midway through the season. Fees between the  £30m and  £40m mark were thrown around pretty regularly, with the likes of Anthony Gordon, Cody Gakpo and Georginio Rutter setting Newcastle, Liverpool and Leeds back.  Well, that's all up for debate, isn't it? It depends on whether you like your transfer windows quiet and shrewd or loud and obnoxious.  Graham Potter now has the majority of professional footballers in the world at his disposal following Chelsea's latest bonkers transfer window, while Nottingham Forest are similarly stacked with squad depth. Injuries at Man Utd saw Erik ten Hag swoop smartly for Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer, a move which could prove to be a genius one if the Austrian rediscovers his RB Leipzig form.