Liverpool's well-documented pursuit of Jude Bellingham came to at least a temporary end last week, and now Jurgen Klopp claims they have their sights set on 12 potential midfielders. The transfer revelation would have come as a surprise to the Anfield faithful who assumed their club had placed all attention on bringing the teen sensation to operate under Klopp. Their underwhelming season has put Jurgen Klopp under the cosh and the German tactician has set his sights on a significant overhaul. Let's scour the footballing world to see who may be en route to Anfield this summer. Englishman Mason Mount is likely to replace his countryman as Liverpool's priority acquisition this summer, as his hard-working nature fits Klopp's blueprint like a glove. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has stated that he won't stand in the way of a potential deal which may entice Liverpool's higher-ups to enquire for the Cobham graduate. Liverpool are among a series of Premier League clubs who are interested in signing Chelsea and Croatian star Kovacic. Chelsea may feel inclinced to sell to sort out their financial status. This means it won't be simple to secure his signature and can Liverpool afford to be in a well-contested race when multiple additions are required? Maddison would bring a sense of leadership to Klopp's engine room and that sprinkled with his dangerous dead-ball ability, he'd be a sound addition to a department ladened with ageing, contract-running players. Leicester's most valuable asset has been due a move to one of the league's top sides and it's looking incredibly likely he will be plying his trade elsewhere at the start of the 2023/24 season. Struggling for minutes in Bavaria, the former Ajax midfielder could act as a low-cost alternative to some of the others on Klopp's shopping list. Pictured wearing a Liverpool top amid the interest from Anfield, the Reds faithful are rummaging around the internet to find compilations of the 20-year-old. Wolves' Portuguese ace has been earmarked by Liverpool as a cheaper Bellingham option and would bring top flight experience to a struggling midfield. The Molineux-based outfit have removed his transfer clause from the current deal he has tied up with the club, may hinder Liverpool   s pursuit. A lack of Premier League experience may mean Klopp would place the Portuguese youngster low on his list of potential incomings.  He is only 23, however,  and would arrive with the aim of becoming a long-term servant for the Merseyside-based outfit. The 26-year-old midfielder will soon enter the final year on his Borussia Monchengladbach deal and so may be available to the German tactician for a realistic price. 90min recently revealed that Liverpool are interested in the player. However, Manchester City, Chelsea, Arsenal and Newcastle have all done scouting work on will continue watching. feed Though he was moments away to joining table topping Arsenal in the winter, Caicdeo signed a fresh deal with Brighton, which expires in 2027. For a plethora of reasons, it's probable the Ecuador international would cost a pretty penny and so, Liverpool are likely to steer clear of the  £100m-valued player. Neverthless, securing his services would solve their midfield woes in an instance and would also provide sufficient cover for the long-term.  Adrien Rabiot has previously revealed his fondness for Liverpool, leaving fans with the hope that Anfield will be his next destination. Manchester United's failed approach, however, may mean they come back in for seconds upon the opening of the summer transfer window.  With a World Cup winners medal in a cabinet at home, he will be valued at a premium that Liverpool may shy away from, but what a pick up this would be! Mac Allister would thrive and inject Liverpool with some much-needed creativity, a player which Liverpool have lacked in abundance this campaign. Klopp and his staff should air on the side of caution when negotiating with Brighton as the well-run club may qualify for European football and therefore boost their likelihood of retaining their stars. Quickly establishing himself as one of the league's best holding midfielders, the Portuguese destroyer has received much interest from top clubs. You'd assume the Cottagers would ideally hang on to one of their most prized assets but when a club like Liverpool come calling, you typically answer.  The Belgian international, similarly to Maddison, has been one of Leicester's crucial players in moments where they are needed most - especially when facing a relegation battle. 