Tottenham Hotspur will consider selling Eric Dier and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg this summer, sources have told 90min. Spurs are laying out plans for the summer transfer window, with 90min reporting last week that new head coach Ange Postecoglou has given his approval to pursue top targets and strengthen in key areas. They are in talks with Brentford over a deal for goalkeeper David Raya - personal terms could soon be finalised but issues remain over the Bees'  £40m asking price - while midfielder James Maddison is also high on Tottenham's summer shortlist. In terms of outgoings, Spurs' squad is in need of trimming ahead of their first season without European football since 2009/10. Club captain Hugo Lloris has confirmed his desire to depart north London this summer, though 90min understands Tottenham have informed Harry Kane he will not be sold. Sources have told 90min the other two members of the squad's leadership group, Dier and Hojbjerg, will be allowed to leave. England international Dier had been in talks over a contract extension but those negotiations have stalled. The 29-year-old's performances dipped during a 2022/23 season battling injury, while he revealed plans to leave Spurs and play abroad again back in October. "Who knows where football will take me in two or three years?" Dier told The Times. "I'm still young, I've got a lot of time left. I'm looking after myself. I think I will play abroad again at some point in the future, but there's no rush on that. I would really enjoy experiencing a different type of football again. I think it will happen at some point and I think I look forward to experiencing football in a different culture because I loved it as a kid as well." feed Hojbjerg was one of Spurs' top performers during the first half of the 2022/23 season and contributed several vital goals, including the stoppage-time winner at Marseille that saw them finish top of their Champions League group. The Dane has played a staggering 145 games in just three seasons at Tottenham, but he is not thought to be part of Postecoglou's plans at this moment and could be sold. The Australian is prepared to let a number of first-team players go as the club's rebuild takes shape, with Davinson Sanchez also up for sale. Meanwhile, Dejan Kulusevski may have to win over Postecoglou if his loan move from Juventus is made permanent. Sources have told 90min the ex-Celtic boss is not too convinced by the Swede at this moment. Spurs have just over two weeks to trigger their option to buy Kulusevski outright from Juventus for  £26m. His optional clause would have been an obligation if the club had qualified for next season's UEFA Champions League. Kulusevski arrived midway through the 2021/22 season and instantly became one of the team's best players, linking up well with Kane and Son Heung-min. However, while he started the season brightly, the winger's form dipped during the second half of the campaign, though he was believed to have been nursing an injury during that period.