In one of the most shocking turn of events of the 2022/23 season, Karim Benzema has told Real Madrid that he is set to leave the club this summer.  90min sources have confirmed that the 2022 Ballon d'Or winner is due to sign for Saudi Arabian club Al-Ittihad, and that means Real Madrid now need a new number nine.  To help the poor sods out, we at 90min have decided to list some candidates. Real Madrid, you're welcome... 90min understands that Dusan Vlahovic has requested to leave Juventus this summer after a rather torrid 2022/23 season at the club. And while that request to leave has opened the door for a Real Madrid to swoop in, that aforementioned 'rather torrid' season means it possibly wouldn't be the most exciting move to make. The Serbian has managed just 10 Serie A goals throughout the current campaign and, although the talent is there, the form just isn't right now. Fit? 4/10 Another Serie A striker, but this time one who is in the form of his life. Lautaro Martinez has been the catalyst for Inter winning the Coppa Italia and reaching the UEFA Champions League final against all the odds this season. He has the pedigree and winning mentality, but his very different skillset to Benzema makes drops him down this list. Fit? 5/10 feed That's right, another (yes, another) Serie A forward. Victor Osimhen is basically the best of both Vlahovic and Martinez rolled into one mask-wearing package. The Nigerian has enjoyed a career best season in front of goal - scoring 25 league goals - to inspire SSC Napoli to their first Scudetto in over 30 years, and he has that physical presence that Vlahovic possesses too. There's very little not to like...except maybe his    150m price tag. Fit? 7/10  In the words of Chandler Bing from 'Friends': Could Kylian Mbappe be any more Real Madrid? Mbappe exudes Real Madrid energy with his penchant for scoring big goals and general larger-than-life superstar personality. The problem is, however, that the forward looks all set to stay at PSG until his contract expires next summer. Fit? 9/10 So who can keep Real Madrid ticking over until they inevitably go out and sign Mbappe in 2024? Well Benzema 2.0 of course. Harry Kane is as close to carbon copy of Benzema that Los Blancos could possibly hope for. He's utterly brilliant and, with Spurs not managing to qualify for any European competition, he should be utterly available too. Fit? 10/10