Manchester United are ready to move for RB Leipzig central defender Dayot Upamecano in summer 2021, when a release clause believed to be worth as little as  £38m kicks in to his contract with the Bundesliga club. Upamecano, who has been previously linked with Arsenal, is one of the highest rated young centre backs in Europe and likely to attract interest from several other top clubs at the end of the current season. 90min revealed just this week that the player is also on Liverpool's radar, while European champions Bayern Munich are notorious for hoovering up the best talent in Germany. The 22-year-old Frenchman has risen to prominence in recent seasons and firmly established himself on the continent with Leipzig last season, as they reached the semi finals of the Champions League.  It's not the first time United's interest has been reported. They were one of the player's chief suitors in his teenage years - they tried to sign him during his time with Valenciennes in 2015 - and a proposed move to Old Trafford didn't materialise back then because of problems with living arrangements. His name has been linked to United on several occasions since. The new report from the Times coming when it has is somewhat unsurprising, as Upamecano and Leipzig will play against United at Old Trafford on Wednesday night in the Champions League group stages. Both teams won their opening games in the competition last week, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side taking an impressive three points in Paris. Solskjaer was asked about United's interest in Upamecano in his pre-match press conference on Tuesday, and did little to rule out the prospect of signing him down the line. The Norwegian said: "There   s always rumours and speculation about other players and Manchester United. I don   t want to comment on every player we   re linked to.  For the first time in their history, @ManchesterUnited have won 10 consecutive away games! ? - - - #manutd #manchesterunited #mufc #rashford #fernandes #ole #solskjaer #psg #paris #premierleague #epl #pl #championsleague #ucl  #football #90min A post shared by  90min (@90min_football) on Oct 21, 2020 at 6:35am PDT "But since we   re playing against him...he   s a very good player and we can see him up close tomorrow.   