For more elite-level footballers, a move to Major League Soccer late in their career is an afterthought. Something that doesn't even come into the mind until their 30th birthday is a blip in the rear-view mirror. For Antoine Griezmann, however, it's the dream. He may have a World Cup in the bag and dream of La Liga and Champions Leagues titles, but for Griezmann, none of that seems to quite hit home like the prospect of heading west to the States and winding down.     Winning La Liga and the Champions League with Bar  a would be a dream, and also my objective,    Griezmann told the LA Times, as part of Barcelona's promotional campaign for new streaming service Barca TV+.  Official: Barcelona are launching its new streaming service today, called Bar  a TV+. The club's new digital service will be available worldwide via the club website and app, for all devices, and offers more than 1,000 hours of content and over 3,000 videos. [fcb]    After that winning whatever comes. There   s another World Cup so the World Cup in Qatar. And after that MLS.    I don   t know with which team, but I really want to play there. For me it   s an objective to end my career in the United States with the possibility of playing well and being a big part of the team and fighting for a title.    It's not the first time this has crossed his mind either. Griezmann's obsession with MLS traces as far back as 2018, when he had the American Dream on his mind even when he was preparing for a World Cup last 16 tie with Argentina.  He said: "World champion, win a Champions League and then I can go and quietly play in the USA. That's my ideal itinerary. It's not bad, is it?" "If the plan goes like that, I'd sign for that now. I don't know at which age I want to play in MLS, it'll all depend on the trophies I'll have won beforehand. "When I'm nearer 32 or 33, I want to be there. I still have to be presentable on the pitch." One of those goals has since been accomplished; France lifted the World Cup trophy in 2018, with Griezmann being named man of the match in the final.  He's yet to win the Champions League, however, and whether he will get the chance to do so at Bar  a remains to be seen, with the club seemingly willing to use him as a pawn in their relentless pursuit of Lautaro Martinez.  Griezmann and Martinez.Who would this be a better swap for? ? pic.twitter.com/BsMQPUYaBV