Soon-to-be Chelsea striker Timo Werner has confessed that he chose to give up the chance to finish the Champions League with RB Leipzig because it 'didn't feel right' to remain in Germany after he becomes a Chelsea player. With the Champions League set to spill over into August, many transfers will only be finalised once that competition comes to a close, so it came as a surprise to see Werner refuse to play on with Leipzig to seal a move to Stamford Bridge as soon as possible. It hasn't soured his relationship with Leipzig, who gave him a hero's farewell in his final appearance for the club, and Werner told Sportbuzzer that he still intends to support the German side as they strive for a deep run in Europe. "We made it together - team, coach, office, fans - to the quarter-finals. An amazing achievement!" he said. "Of course it hurts me that I can't help now to do go even further. "But I will also be a Chelsea player from 1 July and will be paid by Chelsea. It was clear to me that all parties - Chelsea, RB and my side - should agree to this. Timo #Werner4  £ years1  £5  £9  £ games9  £5  £ goals4  £0  £ assistsLegend ?       pic.twitter.com/yh3qxCZpqK "I am connected to Leipzig and RB forever. I will sit in front of the television at the quarter-finals and keep my fingers crossed - maybe I can even be there in Lisbon." Werner was expected to be one of the summer's most in-demand players. Liverpool were widely assumed to be leading the race for his signature, while Inter and Manchester United were both touted as potential suitors. "It's no secret that there were several offers," Werner confessed. "There were some top clubs that fought for me. The entire Chelsea package was the best for me, my game and my career. To everyone at @ChelseaFC :I   m incredibly happy to be joining the Blues next season! It feels like the right step for me and I am delighted to become a part of Chelsea FC. Really looking forward to playing for such a fantastic and historic club! See you soon Chelsea fans! ? pic.twitter.com/WLcagJCHWt "For me, money was never a decisive factor. If it was, I could have gone to China. Chelsea is a top name in European football. There is a really good team in Chelsea with high quality and who want to attack the top of the Premier League. I haven't regretted my decision for a second.