Chelsea are quietly confident of capitalising on the uncertainty surrounding Ousmane Dembele's future by striking an agreement to take him to Stamford Bridge, 90min understands. The Barcelona winger's contract expires at the end of June. He was put up for sale in January with talks over a new deal at an impasse due to his wage demands, but ultimately stayed at Camp Nou for the second half of the season. Negotiations have resumed in the months since and 90min understands Barcelona have come closer to matching Dembele's lofty aspirations, although they are still not confident he will put pen to paper. Club president Joan Laporta has even been forced to set a deadline for the player to make his decision.  Paris Saint-Germain have also tabled an offer for the France international, but upheaval behind the scenes at Parc des Princes could see them turn their attentions elsewhere. PSG's proposal came under sporting director Leonardo, but he is expected to be sacked and replaced by the renowned Luis Campos - who is not among Dembele's admirers. That could give Chelsea a straight run at the soon-to-be free agent, and there is a quiet confidence that they can get their man now that the club's takeover is nearing completion. 90min previously revealed that the Blues planned to resume talks with the Frenchman once Todd Boehly was officially installed as their new owner. Head coach Thomas Tuchel wants to strengthen in a number of areas, including in attack, where Timo Werner and Hakim Ziyech's futures are uncertain. Dembele is also believed to be keen on moving to London. However, sources have told 90min that Bayern Munich could complicate matters. Die Roten have held talks with Dembele's representatives since their own contract discussions with wide man Serge Gnabry stalled. Dembele is now preparing to enter the final month of his Barcelona contract with his future no closer to being resolved, and his agent Moussa Sissoko has confirmed his client 'remains open' to all possibilities. Listen now to 90min's Chelsea podcast  Wherever You May Be, hosted by  Olivia Buzaglo. Each week, Olivia and guests  Krishan Davis  &  Anita Abayomi  talk all things blue. In our latest episode, the team discuss Antonio Rudiger's departure, Chelsea's recent form and Reece James. "Ousmane's future remains open and we are not going to enter into endless speculation," Sissoko told  Goal. "When the time is right, Ousmane will take the best option. We are and have always been very respectful of all the clubs and we will continue in the same way as long as the process continues.