FC Barcelona are one of a number of European clubs showing serious interest in LA Galaxy right-back Julian Araujo, 90min sources confirm. As reported by 90min, the Blaugrana face the prospect of losing American defender Sergino Dest, who is nearing a move to Italian giants AC Milan.  First revealed by Fabrizio Romano, sources confirm Araujo is among Barcelona's list of targets to replace Dest, while 90min understands there are a number of other clubs across Europe tracking the 21-year-old's situation. Sources say Araujo is keen to secure a move ahead of the European transfer deadline but there are a number of hurdles to overcome, with some clubs needing to raise the funds required while others need to move players on first. Araujo's situation is also believed to be dependent upon a number of other high-profile right-backs securing moves during this window. Alongside Araujo, it's understood the likes of Borussia Dortmund's Thomas Meunier and Arsenal's Hector Bellerin are seen as potential replacements for Dest, who is set to join Milan on a one-year loan with an option for a permanent four-year contract. However, 90min understands Araujo is seen as a long-term option for Barcelona, with all parties mutually agreeing that the defender would be loaned out upon arriving at the Camp Nou. As such, his situation is not tied to Barcelona securing other right-back targets. Araujo is one of the standout talents in MLS right now. The 21-year-old - capped twice for Mexico having previously represented the United States across various youth levels - has played 100 times for the Galaxy, scoring once and providing 12 primary assists. The youngster has become a mainstay at right-back for the five-time MLS Cup champions but has recently been vocal about wanting to move across the Atlantic.    I definitely want to go to Europe. It   s my dream. My goal is to go to Europe. I want to reach my highest potential and I feel like going to Europe is going to help me do that,     he said exclusively to  90min in August.  