90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United and Chelsea will battle each other for the signing of Lille striker Jonathan David, who is expected to leave Ligue 1 this summer. (The Sun on Sunday) Signing a new number nine is Erik ten Hag's main United priority, with Harry Kane his number one target. Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is expected to want over  £100m to do a deal. (The Sun on Sunday) Bayern Munich are interested in a shock move for Aston Villa's in-form striker Ollie Watkins - the Bundesliga giants are yet to replace Robert Lewandowski with a recognised centre forward. (Mirror) Manchester City and Newcastle no longer hold an interest in Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, who is still negotiating a new contract and could yet leave Stamford Bridge. (Football Insider) Barcelona may be offered Juventus outcast Denis Zakaria, currently on loan at Chelsea, in a swap deal package involving Ivory Coast midfielder Franck Kessie. (Calciomercatoweb) Manchester United plan to activate a clause in Victor Lindelof's contract which will extend his stay until the end of the 2024/25 season. (Star on Sunday) Ajax defender Jurrien Timber has admitted that a transfer away from the Amsterdam-based giants is on the cards this summer. Manchester United and Liverpool are known admirers. (Metro) Arsenal are keen on Crystal Palace defender Marc Guehi after William Saliba's injury woes revealed the need for further reinforcements. (Express) feed PSG sporting advisor Luis Campos is on the hunt for a left-footed central defender and has eyes on Manchester City's Aymeric Laporte and Bayern Munich's Lucas Hernandez. (L'Equipe) Liverpool are in talks with Sporting CP over Uruguayan midfielder Manuel Ugarte, who is also of interest to Tottenham, Aston Villa and Leeds. (O Jogo) Clasico rivals Real Madrid and Barcelona may both submit offers for Celta Vigo wonderkid Hugo Sotelo, who could fetch upwards of    20m. (Fichajes) Manchester City full-back Kyle Walker doesn't want to leave the Etihad Stadium this summer to join Aston Villa or AC Milan, despite seeing his game time limited by the re-emergence of John Stones. (Star) Tottenham and AC Milan could go head-to-head in the race to sign Allan Saint-Maximin from Champions League bound Newcastle. (Mirror) Manchester United goalkeeper Dean Henderson is keen to secure a permanent transfer away from Old Trafford as he wants to play regular first team football. The 26-year-old is currently on loan at Nottingham Forest playing understudy to Keylor Navas. (Football Insider)