Palmeiras expect to finalise an agreement to sell prized asset Endrick before the end of the year, sources have confirmed to 90min. Still only 16 years of age, FIFA regulations prevent Endrick from moving internationally until he turns 18. But a transfer is set to be agreed within weeks, regardless of him having to stay put for now. Real Madrid have been leading the chase for Endrick for a long time already, with their chief scout in Brazil, Juni Calafat, growing close to the player   s parents and regular speaking with his father Douglas Ramos. Calafat has an unrivalled recent record of landing top young talent from South America, having sealed deals for Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo and Federico Valverde. Palmeiras realise that Endrick is going to be moving, so rather than allow the situation drag on for two more years, they have told the player and interested parties to finalise the issue by the end of the year, 90min understands. Chelsea and Paris Saint Germain have both stepped their interest in Endrick in recent months - as confirmed by 90min, and the player has travelled to both clubs for talks and to look around each city. Talks have also been ongoing with Palmeiras, however, they accept that the final decision on his next club will be made by the player and his family. All interested parties know that it will cost at least    60m to land Endrick     which is the release clause in his contract. But sources have told 90min that Palmeiras have an issue with the player possibly choosing Real Madrid, because of a tax issue. Spanish authorities charge an additional 15% on players moving from Brazilian football, meaning Palmeiras could lose nearly    10m     in contrast to the player going to England or France. Real, however, are fully aware of the situation. They encountered a similar problem when signing Rodrygo from Santos in 2018 and in that situation they paid all the taxes and 90min understands that they are ready to do the same to land Endrick. Real know that Chelsea and PSG are ready to match them financially, but they believe they have done enough to convince Endrick to pick Madrid - sources believe that the English club present the biggest danger to their chances of landing the teen prodigy. The player   s father has confirmed that they are due to travel to the Spanish capital for another official visit at the end of this month, after which point as decision is set to be made about who his son will sign for. "We will travel to Madrid at the end of this month. After that conversation in Madrid, Real Madrid will await a response from us to see if they should come to Sao Paulo and make an offer to Palmeiras,    Douglas told UOL Esporte this week. Speaking to Italian newspaper Gazzetta Dello Sport, the player himself admitted that he would soon be making his decision.