Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has revealed that he believes Lionel Messi "will do the impossible" to return to former side Barcelona. Messi's career as we know it took off under Guardiola at Camp Nou, becoming a perennial Ballon d'Or winner and announcing himself as one of the best players of all time even early in his career. The Argentina forward had to leave Barca in the summer of 2021 as La Liga's strict financial restrictions meant they could not register his new contract. He signed for PSG on an initial two-year deal later that transfer window. But 90min understands that Barcelona are looking to re-sign Messi this summer, though face fierce competition from Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal. Speaking to ESPN Argentina, self-declared Barcelona fan Guardiola backed Messi to "do the impossible" and rejoin La Blaugrana. manual "I'm a Barcelona fan, I've got my tickets [at Camp Nou], and I just hope that one day we can say goodbye to him as he deserves. He's the greatest player of all time," he said. "In the last 12 years or so, Barcelona had a 'boom' and that wouldn't have been possible without him. And I'm not talking about numbers, but rather his involvement in the play, his beauty, his efficiency, his efficiency, everything. "I never would have thought that it would end as it did [in 2021]. I'm convinced what president [Joan] Laporta loves Leo, and since he left, he has said [Messi] deserves to have a farewell for the important figure that he is. "Leo helped our club [Barcelona] become much greater than when he arrived. When a person is so big, you have to say goodbye in the right way. He left because of very difficult financial circumstances, for thousands of reasons that I'm not going to get into. "I hope the day comes when I'm in my seat [at Camp Nou] and I can stand up and applaud, and say goodbye to Leo as he deserves. And I know that Joan [Laporta] is going to try, and Leo too, and he and his family will receive all the love that Barcelona fans have for him, with all the gratitude and respect for what he did for the club." LISTEN NOW