Paris Saint-Germain are continuing to explore ways of parting with Neymar this summer, sources have confirmed to 90min. Neymar has been unsettled for months in the French capital but his team of representatives, led by his father, insist that they are not leading the push for an exit. The 31-year-old's father, Neymar Da Silva Santos, was quick to deny reports from French daily L'Equipe which stated that the Brazilian had told PSG that he wants to leave the club. "I can't confirm a news that didn't happen. L'Equipe being L'Efake, this came from somewhere, let's try to understand the intention," the senior Neymar told PL Brasil. Sources have told 90min that while Neymar is unsettled, it is PSG who are working hard to try and move him on. A return to Barcelona has been mooted but, although president Joan Laporta is believed to be keen, manager Xavi is not believed to be looking at Neymar as a realistic target - instead preferring they focus on Manchester City's Bernardo Silva. Chelsea have also been linked, with club owner Todd Boehly a confirmed fan, but the Blues have not yet indicated any desire to make a move for Neymar this summer despite being contacted by those working on the deal. Contact has also been made with representatives of the Saudi Pro League and the Public Investment Fund (PIF), who also own Newcastle. PIF would love to lure Neymar to St James' Park but would also consider recruiting the 31-year-old for one of their Saudi outfits: Al Ittihad, Al Nassr, Al Ahli or Al Hilal. feed PSG are currently locked in talks with PIF over the potential sale of midfielder Marco Verratti, but they are struggling to agree a fee as they demand nearly double the initial    30m ( £26m) offer that has come in. It was during these conversations that Neymar's name was first mentioned. 90min understands that Verratti remains unhappy with the treatment of both Neymar and Kylian Mbappe, who has been put up for sale and banished from first-team training after refusing to extend his contract. Verratti has made those concerns known to the club's hierarchy. New manager Luis Enrique is keen to keep the Italian but is believed to be open to parting ways with Neymar this summer. PSG are already working hard on new signings for Enrique and have bolstered in attack with the signing of Goncalo Ramos, who has joined on an initial loan from Benfica which comes with an option for a permanent    80m ( £69m) move to the French capital next summer. Eintracht Frankfurt's Randal Kolo Muani is also a key target and personal terms have been agreed with the 24-year-old.