Rennes  president Nicolas Holveck has admitted that the club is    open    to selling teenage midfield starlet Eduardo Camavinga, who is a transfer target for Manchester United, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. Camavinga, who won   t turn 19 until November but has already played 82 senior games for Rennes and was first capped by France at senior level in 2020, has emerged over the last couple of years as one of the brightest new talents in world football. Despite his age, the youngster already looks as though he could take the next step in his career. Rennes are prepared to let him go for the right price, although the Ligue 1 side won   t be bullied into accepting a lowball offer. They also haven   t ruled out a new contract either.    One of the priorities is to reduce the squad. We still have eight or nine players who need to leave. There also remains the big Eduardo situation,    Hovleck told radio station RMC.    Everything is still open, either for a possible departure, or to extend [his contract]. This is the big question in progress,    the Rennes president explained.    He will not leave for nothing. We have had a lot of talks, but nothing is done one way or the other.    Hovleck is also refusing to set a firm price tag for Camavinga. The club has an idea of what they value the player at, but the nature of the market ensures a need for caution.    Setting an [upper] limit on price in this atypical market would be a little presumptuous. What is certain is that he has a certain value,    Hovleck added. When speaking about Camavinga   s future in May, agent Jonathan Barnett, who also famously represents Gareth Bale, confirmed there have been    a lot of offers    from    top, top clubs   . However, Barnett also insisted there is no rush for the player and his family to make a decision.    There is the right time to move on and playing games is the most important thing at his age. Playing in a good club is nice  for him. It might be this year, or he wants to have another year,    the agent said to media network SNTV.    He has got to talk to his family, his father.  We will all sit down and decide. We will talk to Rennes as well and decide. There is no rush for him.    Manchester United have been heavily rumoured as a frontrunner for Camavinga in recent weeks and could find themselves in need of a new midfielder sooner rather than later if they are forced into selling Paul Pogba, who has entered the final year of his contract.