After 149 appearances, 66 goals and several underwhelming loan moves, the complicated ballad of Gonzalo Higuain at Juventus is finally coming to an end.  Incoming Bianconeri boss Andrea Pirlo wasted little time swinging his hatchet, with the Italian planning to terminate the contracts of both Higuain and Sami Khedira in the near future. At 32 years old, the French born Argentinian is no spring chicken but goal records like his are few and far between in world football.  Surely then, a host of clubs will be chomping at the bit to get ahold of Higuain - especially on a free transfer. Here are the five potential destinations for the striker... All the way back in 2016, when Jos   Mourinho was taking his first tentative steps as Manchester United manager, he earmarked Higuain as a potential marquee signing. Now in charge of Tottenham, Mourinho has another chance to go after the striker - who he previously worked with at Real Madrid.His goal record under the former Porto coach was good. Overall he managed 57 goals in 123 appearances while working with Mourinho. Spurs have long been on the lookout for a frontman to play second fiddle to Harry Kane. With no fee involved, the appeal of a move for Higuain will be high with the notoriously hard-nosed Daniel Levy. Higuain could also be a good option for another Premier League club on the lookout for offensive reinforcements, Wolves.Nuno Espirito Santo will be desperate to get Wanderers back into Europe and will be trying to secure a top six finish this season. However, that could prove a challenge, particularly is the rumours linking talismanic striker Raul Jimenez with a departure have any legs.Even if the occasionally masked Mexican does stick around, a move for Higuain would still make sense for Wolves. He's certainly an improvement on what they currently have in the striking department, although the fact that he is not Portuguese is likely to work against him. If the rigours of the Premier League do not tickle his fancy, Higuain always has the option of heading stateside and relaxing in MLS, where elite footballers go to retire. The Argentine has already admitted that he would be open to a move to the US at the end of his Juventus deal. Whether or not he'd still be up for it now his contract has been terminated early remains to be seen.