Romelu Lukaku is keen to remain at Inter beyond the end of his current season-long loan from Chelsea, which is due to come to an end this summer. Lukaku has seen his time back at San Siro, having traded Inter for Chelsea in 2021, hampered by injuries. But the Belgian striker has started to gain some form since February and has contributed six direct goal involvements in his last eight Serie A starts. He was also on target in the Champions League quarter-final first leg against Benfica, with Inter eventually reaching the semi-finals for the first time since 2010, as well as in the Coppa Italia semi-final first leg against Juventus. Both of those games were this month. In his most recent appearance, Lukaku scored twice and assisted once as Inter beat Empoli to end a five-game winless streak in Serie A. Reports have emerged this week that Lukaku could be offered the chance to revive his Chelsea career. Things didn   t go well for him at Stamford Bridge last season following a club record  £97.5m transfer. He only scored in six Premier League games and felt the wrath of the club and fans after a controversial interview in which he expressed unhappiness and spoke of a desire to return to Inter. feed Lukaku scored 64 goals in 95 appearances during his previous spell at Inter and, as 90min reported last month, I Nerazzurri have already been in talks over extending the loan into a second season. Any such arrangement could see Lukaku defer some of his wages in order to stay on. 90min understands that Inter see the sudden suggestions of Lukaku potentially having a future at Chelsea next season as an attempt by the Blues to demonstrate that the 29-year-old does have more options than simply remaining in Milan. Chelsea are yet to make a decision and their next permanent manager will be part of that process. 90min reported earlier on Wednesday that a deal has been agreed in principle with Mauricio Pochettino following negotiations in recent days. Talks now continue over the make up of his backroom staff, with the Argentine looking to take his usual team to Stamford Bridge.