Chelsea strikers Romelu Lukaku and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have both been approached over summer transfers to Saudi Arabia, 90min understands. The duo are facing uncertain futures at Stamford Bridge, with Lukaku set to return from loan with Inter and Aubameyang being placed on the transfer list well before last season came to an end. Both players are on high wages, with Lukaku the highest earner at Chelsea, and so the list of potential buyers is limited. Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly travelled to Saudi Arabia last week and sources have confirmed to 90min that the American alerted clubs in the Middle East to the availability of both Aubameyang and Lukaku. The Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF), who recently assumed control of Al Ittihad, Al Nassr, Al Hilal and Al Ahli, are now in talks with both strikers in the hope of convincing them to take summer moves to the Saudi Pro League. feed The PIF are confident that they can wrap up a deal for Aubameyang, who is keen to leave Chelsea in the coming weeks. The 33-year-old does, however, have interest from Europe, where former employers Barcelona are open to a reunion, but he is not believed to be a top priority. As for Lukaku, a move for the Belgian is far more complicated. He is keen to remain with Inter, who have also voiced a desire to retain him, but an agreement between the two clubs over either a permanent deal or a second loan is still a long way away. Chelsea are due for further talks with Inter this week, with Lukaku's future on the agenda alongside a number of other topics. The Serie A side are also known admirers of centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly, who could be included in Chelsea's attempts to sign goalkeeper Andre Onana, which will continue during the upcoming meeting. Koulibaly's availability was also discussed during Boehly's meeting with Saudi officials, with the co-owner also seeking to drum up interest in goalkeeper Edouard Mendy and winger Hakim Ziyech as well. The PIF plan to continue their pursuits of both Aubameyang and Lukaku, while they are understood to be open to exploring moves for several other Chelsea players who have been told they are free to leave this summer.