Chelsea are prepared to offer a short-term contract extension to Mason Mount in an attempt to end the immediate uncertainty over his future at the club, 90min understands. Mount is approaching the final 12 months of his current deal and has long been warned that he will be sold this summer if he continues to reject the offer of fresh terms, with the vast majority of the Premier League's elite all keen to sign the 24-year-old if he does leave. As 90min revealed earlier this month, Chelsea have a renewed sense of confidence over Mount's future. While there is still an awareness that an extension is a long way away, the decision-makers at Stamford Bridge believe things are trending in the right direction. A large part of Chelsea's optimism relates to their search for a new manager. Sources have confirmed that Mauricio Pochettino is close to becoming the new Blues boss and the feeling is that this sign of ambition will help convince Mount to stay. However, to boost their chances of keeping Mount, Chelsea are also prepared to offer a short-term extension of one or two years to the academy graduate, which would bring an end to the immediate concerns of an exit and earn Chelsea time to win Mount over. feed Liverpool are seen as the biggest threat to Chelsea's hopes of keeping Mount, with the Reds keen to get a deal done after accepting defeat in their pursuit of Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham, whose    150m price tag could be more than double Chelsea's asking price for Mount if he does hit the market. Arsenal, Manchester United and Newcastle all hold an interest in Mount, as do Bayern Munich following the arrival of former Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea have not given up hope of keeping Mount and will retain their dialogue with the 24-year-old and his representatives as the season approaches its finale with a view to solving one of their biggest dilemmas of the summer. While the Blues do appreciate the money they could raise by cashing in on Mount, there is a belief that there are plenty of other players who could be sold to bring in the necessary money. A significant number of players are unsettled and facing uncertain futures at Stamford Bridge and Chelsea are prepared to listen to offers, especially for those approaching the final two years of their contracts.