Manchester United have lined up Juventus star Paulo Dybala as the long-term replacement for striker Edinson Cavani, according to one report. Cavani joined the club on a free transfer at the end of the summer window, signing a one-year contract with the option to extend a further year. The Red Devils are aware that the 33-year-old is likely approaching the final knockings of his career at the top level, and are already planning to recruit his replacement.  While Jadon Sancho remains a long-term target as a wide forward, United could still be keen to source another central striker in the not too distant future. According to transfer expert Ian McGarry, one player United are interested in is Juve star Dybala. The Argentinian forward is not an out and out striker, but he has the ability to play in a number of positions across the front line with ease, and could be a sterling addition to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side.  The 27-year-old's future in Turin is also shrouded in doubt, after the club actively attempted to sell him to both Tottenham Hotspur and Man Utd in recent transfer windows. The deals fell through though, with Dybala unwilling to leave Juve and determined to fight for his place.  However, his current contract with the Old Lady expires in the summer of 2022, and although he has been offered a new deal, he is yet to put pen to paper, leaving the door open for interested parties to circle.  Juventus would be left in a disadvantageous position come the summer, if Dybala refuses to extend his contract, with Europe's giants aware that the Argentine's value will continue to drop with each passing month.  I Bianconeri will have to make a decision on whether to cash in on the forward, or allow him to run down his contract. According to McGarry, the Italian giants have been taken aback by Dybala's refusal to sign a new deal, and they are now unsure whether he wants to stay at the club.  "He has been offered    11.5million gross for an extension of three years to his current deal," McGarry claimed on the Transfer Window Podcast.  ? Dybala is the only player to have scored in each of the last 6 #UCL seasons with Juve ? pic.twitter.com/d9DjFzZcHK "His agent, Jorge Anton, is due to speak with Juventus in the coming days with regards to deal or no deal. "The club is becoming perplexed with his indecision, whether he wants to stay or whether he wants to leave. "It's our understanding that United see Dybala as a long-term solution to what has been a short-term solution in Edinson Cavani, in terms of his age.