Achraf Hakimi has bid farewell to Borussia Dortmund, the club where he has spent the last two years on loan from Real Madrid, as he prepares to now join Inter. Hakimi, who has developed into one of the top full-backs in Europe during his time at Dortmund, is believed to have arrived in Milan ahead of undergoing an Inter medical. Achraf Hakimi has arrived in Milan for his Inter medical. #Inter #BVB #Real The deal is worth a reported    40m plus add-ons and appears to be a steal for an ambitious Inter. Hakimi had joined Dortmund in the summer of 2018 when he was still just a teenager and struggling to establish himself in the first-team back at Madrid. The Spanish-born Morocco international has played 73 times for Dortmund in his two seasons in Germany, scoring 12 goals. Nine of those goals came in 2019/20 alone. Gracias @BVB  ?? Thanks @BVB   ?? pic.twitter.com/nCVth0Gf6R    The time has come to close a beautiful stage in my life. After two wonderful years, I   m ready to this club that has given me so much joy,    Hakimi said in a statement posted on social media.    From the first moment, the care and attention by the club and the city has been amazing. Now I know that I was right to choose Dortmund as my home two years ago.    I want to thank all my teammates, the coaching staff and all the club   s staff for the love and trust they have shown me at all times. I also want to thank the wonderful fans who have supported us unconditionally in every game. I   ll never forget the Yellow Wall, which is simply wonderful.    Finally, I would to thank my friends and family for supporting me at all times. I hope that one day our paths will cross again. See you soon, Borussia Dortmund.    90min revealed earlier this month that Manchester City, Chelsea and Tottenham were among the sides to have enquired about Hakimi, while Dortmund were also desperate to sign the 21-year-old to a permanent deal. But Inter are the club that has won the race. The player himself had spoken about the possibility of returning to the Bernabeu and trying to establish himself at Real, although he has always been open to moving on.