Sampdoria have set an asking price of    30m for starlet Mikkel Damsgaard, after European giants Barcelona and Tottenham Hotspur sent scouts to watch the Danish winger light up Euro 2020. The 20-year-old proved pivotal for his nation in their qualification for the round of 16, scoring a stunning goal in a 4-1 victory over Russia on the final matchday of the group stage.  The winger couldn't have chosen a better moment to explode onto the European scene, as Bar  a had sent scouts to watch the Danish wonderkid in action, while Spurs also recorded some interest in his services.  As a result of all this attention, Sampdoria have set their asking price for their star asset, Damsgaard. According to La Gazzetta, as cited by Football Italia, Samp will accept bids of around    30m for the Danish international, a price tag considerably higher than their demands prior to his Euro 2020 breakthrough.  The Blucerchiati would have accepted offers of around    20m before he showed himself to be a genuine star, but they are desperate to keep him for at least another season, so they'll raise the asking price. Despite interest from Spurs and Bar  a, Samp are yet to receive any concrete bids for the forward.  Samp signed Damsgaard in the summer of 2020 from Nordsjaelland in a deal worth    6.5m, and he has shown flashes of his talents in his 35 appearances for the Serie A side. The youngster chipped in with two goals last year, scoring in victories over Lazio and Crotone.  He also supplied four assists for his teammates, and showed great flexibility in playing anywhere across the front line. His reputation as an exciting prospect has seen him recognised on the international stage, and he is now repaying his coach Kasper Hjulmand for his faith.  Damsgaard didn't feature in the 1-0 defeat to Finland, but he started in the 2-1 loss to Belgium, and then made a game-changing impact in the extraordinary 4-1 victory over Russia. The winger cut inside and unleashed a stunning, dipping strike which arrowed into the top corner, handing his nation the lead.      First player born in the 2000's to score a European Championship goal    Youngest Scorer for Denmark at a major tournament    Featured in ??? 21 Mikkel Damsgaard has got a bright future! ??pic.twitter.com/Z2dwzBiaso