After a difficult 2019/20 campaign which saw them slaughtered in the Premier League title race by Liverpool, Manchester City were in need of some new faces - and that's exactly what they got. However, it wasn't the usual City summer of heavy spending. Just three notable additions were made to the squad, and a fair few players departed. Nonetheless, it should be interesting to see how things pan out at the Etihad Stadium in the coming months. Signed From: Benfica ( £65m)Grade: B Undoubtedly their most important addition to the side is 23-year-old Ruben Dias. The centre-back spot has been a concern for Pep Guardiola for a while, with only Aymeric Laporte looking particularly reliable there. The Frenchman's injury last season played a crucial part in City's drop-off. Arriving for a massive  £65m, it's a huge gamble for a relatively unproven player. After all, he comes from the same league that gave City Eliaquim Mangala, so the omens are hardly encouraging. Nonetheless, if he fulfils his potential, the Portugal international will surely help get Guardiola's side back among the title contenders. Signed From: Bournemouth ( £41m)Grade: C Nathan Ake was always a standout in a poor Bournemouth defence, so it's no surprise that he managed to keep his place in the top flight after the Cherries' relegation. However, he's chosen a place where he is unlikely to get regular minutes. Early season form and the arrival of Dias suggest that the Dutchman will be nothing more than a back-up option. He's a good back-up option, for sure, but  £41m on a third choice seems incredibly excessive. Signed From: Valencia ( £20m)Grade: B+ With the likes of Raheem Sterling, Riyad Mahrez, and Bernardo Silva already occupying the wing spots, Ferran Torres may find it tough to break into the starting XI. However, at just 20 years old, he has plenty of time to make an impact. Being signed for a relatively low fee, it seems like a risk worth taking for the Cityzens. Transferred To: Bayern Munich ( £40m)Grade: B- When Leroy Sane won Premier League Young Player of the Year in 2018, he seemed well on his way to becoming a superstar at the Etihad. However, a long-term injury and the form of Raheem Sterling saw him fall down the pecking order. Sane was refusing a new contract at City and had to be sold. But  £40m? Really? Surely a player of his talent could've fetched a little bit more than that. Transferred To: Benfica ( £13.5m)Grade: B- Having arrived in Manchester for  £32m five years ago, Nicolas Otamendi is yet another City signing sold for a significant loss. Aside from making PFA Team of the Year in 2018, the Argentinian has done little to justify his price tag. However, his sale was part of the deal to bring Ruben Dias to the Etihad, so it's not all bad. Transferred To: Fulham ( £2m)Grade: C The England youth international never made a league appearance under Pep Guardiola, and was clearly never part of the Catalan's plans. However, when you see Liverpool selling their fringe players for eight figure sums, the mere  £2m received for Adarabioyo seems rather disappointing. Transferred To: Real Sociedad (Free)Grade: A El Mago left this summer as a legend and one of the club's greatest ever players. His class will be missed at the Etihad, but it was the right time for the Spaniard to depart, especially with Phil Foden emerging. It's just a shame that Silva couldn't leave on a high, having suffered disappointment in the Premier League, FA Cup, and Champions League. Transferred To: Real Betis (Free)Grade: B- Claudio Bravo arrived at City from Barcelona in 2016 with the reputation of being one of the world's best goalkeepers. However, a calamitous first season led to him being swiftly replaced by Ederson, and he has never come close to dislodging the Brazilian from the starting XI. The 37-year-old was likely on pretty big wages, so his exit will be financially useful. But, yet again, it marks another failure from City's recruitment team. Manchester City's Overall Transfer Grade - Summer 2020: B- While it's harsh to judge any of the new arrivals just yet, there are certainly questions to be asked. Ake was a regular in a Bournemouth backline that consistently shipped goals, and Dias and Torres are unknown quantities. All three of these signings are gambles which could go wrong.