Chelsea is the preferred destination for Ousmane Dembele whenever he leaves Barcelona. The Frenchman is out of contract in June and with the Catalans not prepared to offer him the deal he wants, this is their last chance to command any sort of transfer fee. PSG were said to be hoping to finalise a deal for just    20m before Monday's deadline, but conflicting reports state they have no current interest in adding Dembele to their ranks. Tottenham were linked with Dembele late on but are not willing to meet his wage demands, while it remains unclear whether Manchester United have made a bid having previously tried to sign the winger. Dembele leaving appears to be Barcelona   s best chance of securing a deal for former Arsenal captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. He is rumoured to be willing to take an enormous pay cut to make the switch to Camp Nou possible, and pre-emptively arrived in Catalonia on Monday without either club's knowledge. Arsenal will have to cough up a club record    90m ( £75m) if they want to sign Real Sociedad forward Alexander Isak. The Gunners have also turned down a second Crystal Palace bid for Eddie Nketiah. He is out of contract soon and ready to leave for free then if they don   t sell now. West Ham could have a busy final day of the window. 90min understands the Hammers are interested in a late deal for Benfica striker Darwin Nunez and he is open to a move. Their attempts for Flamengo   s Gabigol failed earlier this month. The Hammers also remain in talks for a deal over Marseille centre-back Duje Caleta-Car. Manchester United, Tottenham and Aston Villa have been linked with a late approach for  £37m-rated Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma. Having already completed the marquee capture of Luis Diaz from Porto, Liverpool could sign Fulham youngster Fabio Carvalho and loan him back to the Championship club until summer. The Reds could additionally allow Neco Williams and Nat Phillips to join Bournemouth. Newcastle are still expected to be busy and are already close to signing left-back Matt Targett on loan from Aston Villa, with a  £13m fee for Dan Burn also agreed with Brighton.