Paris Saint-Germain would be interested in signing Harry Kane from Tottenham Hotspur this summer should he look to leave north London, 90min understands. Kane's contract at Spurs expires in 2024, though the club are confident of tying their vice-captain down to a new deal. Sources have told 90min talks will resume once the club appoint a permanent head coach to succeed Antonio Conte. Top clubs are continuing to circle Kane in the meantime, with Manchester United eyeing a move for the 29-year-old. Kane has his eyes set on breaking Alan Shearer's record for Premier League goals, but Bayern Munich are ready to offer him a route out of England should his desire to win trophies slightly outweigh his ambition and they believe they can lure him to mainland Europe. 90min also understands PSG are ready to reignite their interest in Kane should he be open to a move abroad. Club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has always admired the striker, with PSG making their interest in Kane known when he wanted to leave Spurs back in 2021. 90min reported at the time that PSG were able to lean on the fact that Eurostar links and short flights meant Kane would be able to quickly travel to and from his London home, potentially even staying in the English capital and commuting to training and matches. PSG were then managed by ex-Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino, who formed an incredibly strong bond with Kane at Spurs after integrating him into the first-team - Pochettino has often credited Kane with saving his job after scoring a late winner against Aston Villa early in his north London tenure. Though Pochettino has since departed PSG, the Ligue 1 champions' interest remains and Kane could even reunite with another former manager in the French capital. Jose Mourinho is on PSG's shortlist of managers to replace Christophe Galtier should he leave at the end of the season. The Portuguese coach helped transform Kane from a pure number nine into one of the world's most complete forwards, winning the Premier League Playmaker Award at the end of the 2020/21 season. LISTEN NOW