90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Liverpool would have to offer a fee of  £90m for Real Madrid to even consider selling midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni at the end of the season. (Mirror) Also on Liverpool's midfield shortlist are West Ham's Declan Rice, Brighton's Moises Caicedo, Inter's Nicolo Barella and Wolves' Matheus Nunes. (Florian Plettenberg) Liverpool scouts have also been sent to watch Fulham midfielder Joao Palhinha. (Football Insider) With the Reds now out of the race to sign Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham, it's a straight shoot-out between Manchester City and Real Madrid for his signature, with the Premier League side currently leading the chase. (ESPN) Manchester United have joined Real Madrid in tracking RB Leipzig midfielder Dani Olmo, whose contract expires in 2024. (SportBild) Brighton are prepared to consider offers for midfielder Alexis Mac Allister, who is wanted by Manchester United and Liverpool. (Football Insider) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed The January transfer window saw Arsenal knocked back in an attempt to sign Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante. (Le Parisien) The next Frenchman on Arsenal's radar is Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise, who is valued at over  £40m. (Football Transfers) Barcelona were impressed with Ilkay Gundogan's performance in Man City's victory over Bayern Munich and will step up their interest in the midfielder over the coming weeks. (Sport) Leaving Barcelona could be forwards Ansu Fati and Ferran Torres, who are closest to the exit door as the Blaugrana desperately seek to raise funds and free up salary space. (AS) Tottenham's focus is finding a new manager in time for the summer transfer window, with Burnley boss Vincent Kompany emerging as their top target. (Sun) Sticking with managers, Jose Mourinho could leave Roma at the end of the season but would only be interested in joining PSG or former employers Chelsea. The Portuguese boss is even said to be ready to push for a return to Stamford Bridge. (Foot Mercato) LISTEN NOW