90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bayern Munich forward Sadio Mane and Serge Gnabry are the two players most likely to be put up for sale this summer. (Sky Germany) Manchester United have reignited their interest in Bayer Leverkusen right-back Jeremie Frimpong, and a move could be funded by the sale of Aaron Wan-Bissaka. (SportBILD) Barcelona hope Lionel Messi will agree to re-join the club on lower wages than he was on when he left in the summer of 2021. A two-year deal with an optional third is being drawn up by the Catalan giants. (Sport) Liverpool's primary transfer target remains Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, who is yet to agree a contract extension at Stamford Bridge. (Daily Mail) Real Madrid will hand Jude Bellingham a six-year contract at the Bernabeu, making him the club's second highest ever earner behind Eden Hazard. (SER Deportivos) Los Blancos have pulled out of the race to sign Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga as they focus on completing the signing of Bellingham. (Fichajes) Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea will need to pay  £100m to prise Declan Rice away from West Ham. (ESPN) Manchester United are making 'good progress' in their contract negotiations with star forward Marcus Rashford. (Telegraph) feed Real Madrid have agreed a contract extension with veteran midfielder Luka Modric, committing him to the club until 2024. (Relevo) Chelsea are in pole position to sign Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana, who is expected to cost around  £40m. The Blues will look to move on Edouard Mendy as a result, with Onana coming replacing Kepa Arrizabalaga as the club's number one. (Telegraph) Paris Saint-Germain and Liverpool could be competing with each other for the signing of highly-rated Sporting CP defender Goncalo Inacio. A deal for the 21-year-old may cost around    45m ( £40m). (Le Parisien) Arsenal may look to strengthen their options at centre-back with the signing of Dinamo Zagreb's Josip Sutalo. (Evening Standard) Tottenham, Aston Villa and Newcastle are keeping tabs on Leicester winger Harvey Barnes, who will have just two years left on his contract this summer. (Daily Mail) Bayern Munich have cooled their interest in Victor Osimhen and will instead focus on completing a deal for Eintracht Frankfurt forward Randal Kolo Muani. (Sky Germany)