The Scottish 2020/21 Premiership season is well underway. Following a second-place finish last time around, Rangers will be hoping they can do one better this campaign and finally usurp Celtic at the top of Scottish football.  Rangers have been busy already in the transfer window with a host of players both joining and leaving the club. With still over a month before the window shuts, here's a look at who should be next out the door.  After failing to make an impact at Championship side Birmingham City, Stewart impressed during various loan spells in Scotland before securing a move to the Ibrox.Unfortunately, it hasn't worked out for him in a Rangers' shirt. He's been used sparingly by Steven Gerrard and it's easy to see why -  returns of three goals in 26 appearances hardly have him banging down the manager's door for more game time.Now 30 and heading into the final year of his deal, he won't demand a hefty fee, but Rangers should look to get him off their books. He had a good spell at Kilmarnock previously so a move back there could be on the cards.Potential Destination:  KilmarnockPotential Price:   £500k Murphy arrived at Rangers, initially on loan, from Premier League side Brighton and made an instant impact -  scoring four goals and providing five assists in just 11 league games. Big things were expected from the winger when he made his deal permanent a few months later.In a cruel twist, Murphy would suffer a serious injury shortly after signing his deal that would effectively bring an end to his Rangers career before it ever really got going. He spent the latter half of last season on loan at League One side Burton Albion where he was once again impressive. However, it was seemingly not enough to get back into the manager's plans and he's not got onto the pitch this season.Potential Destination:  Dundee UnitedPotential Price:   £1m The Northern Ireland international was a standout player at former club Kilmarnock but he's yet to replicate that form in Glasgow. He's been unfortunate however, with injury restricting him to just seven appearances in his debut season at the Ibrox. But even when fit this season, Jones hasn't even found a way onto the Rangers' bench this term.After being told he can leave the club by Gerrard, he has garnered interest from the Championship, notably from Middlesbrough, the winger's former club.Potential Destination: Middlesbrough, Stoke, Blackburn Potential Price:  £1m