Paris Saint-Germain have stepped up their pursuit of Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and are understood to be growing in confidence about their chances of getting a deal done. Pogba has entered the final year of his contract at Old Trafford, and although United officials are desperate to convince him to stay, talks over a new deal are moving slowly and there are fears that the midfielder is ready to let his contract run down to leave for free next summer. PSG's interest in Pogba only recently came to light, but according to La Gazzetta dello Sport, the French side first made their desires known on 22 June and have been circling round the Frenchman ever since. Up until this point, it had been considered as simply 'interest', but now it has been described as 'something concrete', with PSG making it clear to United that they would be keen to get a deal done this summer. PSG are confident that Pogba's expiring contract will force United to listen to offers and be reasonable with their demands, and there is also an optimism that their close relationship with Pogba's agent, Mino Raiola, will work in their favour. Pogba is said to be 'more and more open' to leaving United this summer, with 90min revealing that former employers Juventus are keen on a reunion.  That has been backed up by L'Equipe, who claim that Pogba is keen to 'start a new chapter' this summer. His representatives are even said to have told PSG that the 28-year-old would be keen to head to Paris. United are determined to try keep hold of Pogba but are already looking at Rennes' Eduardo Camavinga as a possible replacement, but local outlet Paris Fans delivered a double-barrelled blow to United by revealing that PSG are 'confident' about signing at least one of those players. Pogba is PSG's top priority and they hope to strike a deal for a reasonable fee, but the French side will turn to Camavinga if an agreement cannot be reached, meaning United may struggle to end this summer with both players on the books. Nevertheless, as it stands, United continue to speak with Pogba's representatives about his future, with Sky Sports' Dharmesh Sheth recently confirming that the line of dialogue remains open.