The agent of Bayern Munich left-back Alphonso Davies has confessed he has held talks with other clubs as uncertainty over the Canada international's future continues to swirl. Davies had been expected to sign a new contract at the Allianz Arena towards the end of the campaign, but the departures of directors Oliver Kahn and Hasan Salihamidzic have seen talks over an extension stall. The 22-year-old still has two years remaining on his contract in Munich but 90min understands both Manchester City and Real Madrid have registered their interest in signing Davies, and now the full-back's agent has admitted to holding talks with interested sides. "I have spoken to other clubs     they have texted and spoken to us; but we haven't had any in-depth conversations with anybody," agent Nick Huoseh told TSN. "He is with Bayern Munich. He has two years remaining on his contract. We don't know what will happen in a year from now. "He's happy at Bayern. He's won a number of titles at Bayern and they're a good club, one of the top clubs in the world. There are not many clubs he can move to when you think about it. There are a select few clubs that an athlete like Alphonso Davies can go to." In a later interview with Fabrizio Romano, Huoseh confirmed talks over an extension had collapsed with the departures of Kahn and Salihamidzic. "New deal was almost done. I was in Munich, and I woke up the next day, and I saw all the news," he explained. feed He continued: "We haven't made a final decision. We want to see who will be the new director and what will be their plans for Alphonso. We are open to talk and we will see what happens." Davies is not expected to be on the move this summer, with both City and Real prioritising other targets. Pep Guardiola's Champions League finalists are eyeing a blockbuster deal for RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol, while Real have agreed to pay over    100m to land Jude Bellingham and also have ambitious plans to sign a new star striker. However, it is understood that both suitors see Davies as a viable target for 2024, when his current contract will have just one year left to run. Davies himself has tried to cool speculation surrounding his future, insisting his focus remains solely on Bayern. "The transfer rumours are out there, but at the end of the day they're still rumours," he told beIN Sports. "I still have two years left at Bayern. My main goal is to play at Bayern and help the team as much as possible."