Chelsea have informed suitors of striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang that they do not want to let him leave on a free transfer this summer, 90min understands, with Marseille the latest side to reach out over a deal. A  £12m signing from Barcelona last summer, Aubameyang managed 21 appearances for the Blues in his first season at Stamford Bridge but saw himself frozen out of the squad by both Graham Potter and Frank Lampard. Both Chelsea and Aubameyang are keen to part ways this summer and the Gabon international was among the first players to be offered to Saudi Arabia, where an offer for Aubameyang, who will not travel with the Blues for pre-season, still remains on the table. 90min understands that the latest side to express an interest in the 34-year-old is Ligue 1 side Marseille, who have been informed that they must pay a fee and agree to take over Aubameyang's entire wage package. Such a proposal could be difficult for Marseille to meet but the French side hope their ability to offer Champions League football to Aubameyang could help them sweeten a deal. feed Clubs in Saudi Arabia are prepared to meet the demands of both Chelsea and Aubameyang but the striker is hesitant to accept a move to the Middle East in the hope that a top European side could offer him a deal. Former employers Barcelona are known admirers of Aubameyang but have far greater priorities for the summer window, particularly after the    60m deal to sign Athletico Paranaense striker Vitor Roque was agreed. Aubameyang was even in the Barcelona dressing room to celebrate their Clasico victory over Real Madrid in March as a signal of his desire to return to the club, but a move back to Camp Nou appears unlikely. The striker's representatives continue to explore their options and will seek to close a deal while Mauricio Pochettino and the rest of the Chelsea first team are in the United States for their pre-season tour. Romelu Lukaku is also due back at Cobham after Chelsea's departure and, like Aubameyang, is up for sale this summer.