Tottenham have agreed to meet the  £13m release clause of Rosario Central youngster Alejo Veliz, 90min understands. Spurs recently opened talks with the Argentine club for 19-year-old Veliz, who had also attracted interest from AC Milan, Roma, Salernitana and Nottingham Forest. The 19-year-old rose to global prominence during the 2023 FIFA Under-20 World Cup as part of Argentina's squad, scoring three times before his side were knocked out in the last 16 by Nigeria. Rival interest had arisen from Serie A and the Premier League but 90min has been told the young striker made Tottenham his preferred destination which has helped with negotiations. A long-term contract is in the works and no issues are expected to flare up between Veliz and Spurs in that department. Veliz scored 11 times in the 2023 Argentine Primera Division, only two fewer than joint-leading scorers Pablo Vegetti and Michael Santos. He made his debut for Central in 2021 during a Copa Sudamericana clash with Deportivo Tachira and has since netted 19 goals in total for the club. feed Discussions are now being held over Veliz's short-term future. Rosario are keen to keep the teenager - who turns 20 in September - until January on loan and possibly beyond. Tottenham have long needed back-up options for Harry Kane, whose own future in north London is under extreme scrutiny with Bayern Munich confident of completing a deal for the England captain. Richarlison suffered an injury-hit first campaign with Spurs but would be the obvious replacement up front if Kane does leave before the season starts. A central defender is still being targeted with talks advancing for Wolfsburg's Micky van de Ven as new head coach Ange Postecoglou looks to fix a defence that conceded 63 Premier League goals last season. Out of favour Barcelona duo Franck Kessie and Clement Lenglet - the latter of whom spent last season in north London - remain targets, while Denmark international Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg could be shipped off to Atletico Madrid.