90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid have rekindled their interest in Chelsea full-back Reece James, even though he signed a new long-term contract at Stamford Bridge last year. (AS) Jude Bellingham is Real's priority signing, however, though he's yet to decide if he's leaving Borussia Dortmund. Manchester City, Liverpool, Manchester United and Chelsea are the other clubs awaiting news on his plans. (AS) Ilkay Gundogan is ready to bid farewell to Manchester City in order to join Barcelona on a free transfer this summer. (Football Insider) David de Gea has turned down Manchester United's first offer of a contract renewal, though talks are expected to continue between the two parties. (The Athletic) Napoli look to thwarted the attempts of PSG and other clubs interested in Khvicha Kvaratskhelia - he's set to sign a new five-year contract at the likely Serie A champions. (Footmercato) Barcelona have reached a verbal agreement with Athletic Club centre-back Inigo Martinez over a summer move. (ESPN) Bayern Munich's appointment of Thomas Tuchel may scupper any hopes Manchester United had of signing Marcel Sabitzer on a permanent basis. (The Sun) READ NEXT manual West Ham United captain Declan Rice is Arsenal's priority transfer target this summer and there's an increasing confidence that he'll move to north London instead of joining Chelsea, Manchester City and Manchester United. (Evening Standard) Wolfsburg boss Niko Kovac has turned down the chance to succeed Antonio Conte as Tottenham Hotspur's new head coach. (Waz) Former Barcelona manager Luis Enrique, also linked with Spurs, has opened the door to managing in the Premier League and would consider joining a club capable of doing "important things". (Cadana SER) Liverpool and Tottenham remain keen on striking a deal for Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, who is also of interest to Atletico Madrid, Barcelona and PSG. (Footmercato) Newcastle United are admirers of Liverpool centre-back Joe Gomez, who isn't assured regular starting minutes at Anfield. (CaughtOffside) Arsenal and Chelsea have been tipped to move for Porto's Brazilian winger Pepe, but a deal could cost as much as  £45m to complete. (Globo Esporte)