Sheffield United finished in ninth position in their first season back in the Premier League, much to the disbelief of almost every fan in the country.  After an incredible season that exceeded all expectations for the Blades, the Yorkshire side have wasted no time in replacing Dean Henderson who's returned to Manchester United following his successful loan spell.  Aaron Ramsdale looks an astute purchase from relegated Bournemouth, but they may need a few more additions if they're to avoid the dreaded second season syndrome. That may mean Chris Wilder has to show a few faces the exit door this summer in order to raise sufficient funds.  Here, 90min take a look at who Wilder should be looking to offload.   The Republic of Ireland international only joined the Blades 12 months ago from Preston North End but Wilder quickly lost faith in his summer purchase. After starting seven of their first eight league games, Robinson fell out of favour when Sheffield picked up impressive wins over Arsenal and Burnley while he remained on the bench. The forward only scored one goal and provided two assists in 16 top-flight appearances. It meant the end of the road for Robinson and he was shipped out to Championship front-runners West Brom in January. He had more joy in the Midlands, helping Slaven Bilic's men to promotion but it may be too little too late for his Bramall Lane career. Potential destinations: West Brom, ChampionshipPotential price:  £5.5m Jack Rodwell's career has been well documented ever since his big-money move to Manchester City all those years ago. Things have not worked out the way he, or anybody else, thought they would since though as he has continuously failed to recapture his best form. The latest chapter in the midfielder's nightmare was a shock move to Sheffield United, who snapped him up on a free after his contract ran out at Championship side Blackburn Rovers. He recently signed a deal keeping him at Bramall Lane until the summer of 2021, but in modern football that doesn't guarantee he'll remain a Sheffield United player. After only making two appearances in all competitions throughout 2019/20 there surely can't be much of a future for Rodwell in Chris Wilder's side. Potential destination: ChampionshipPotential price:  £1m With Dean Henderson ineligible against his parent side, Simon Moore stepped in for the two Premier League games against the Red Devils in the last campaign but was helpless as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side smashed six past him over the 180 minutes. Moore has kept a relatively impressive 23 clean sheets in 70 games for Sheffield, but he hasn't been a regular since their League One days back in the 2016/17 season. At 30 years old it's time for Moore to get some minutes back under his belt but with the additions of Ramsdale and Wes Foderingham that won't be happening under Wilder. Potential destination: League OnePotential price:  £200,000 