90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... PSG have told Lionel Messi they will pay him whatever he wants in a bid to get him to renew his contract, which expires at the end of the season. Barcelona revealed on Friday they are in talks over re-signing the Argentine on a free transfer. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona's offer to Messi could include a number of 'levers', such as a percentage of sponsor revenue, ticket sales or merchandise. (Le Parisien) Leaving Barcelona could be Raphinha just one year after joining from Leeds United. Arsenal are ready to reignite their interest in the Brazil winger and could lodge a bid. (Football Insider) Another La Liga star on Arsenal's shortlist is Real Madrid's Aurelien Tchouameni, who is also a target for Liverpool. (El Nacional) Though Tchouameni has been linked with an exit, Real Madrid could finally land the Frenchman they have long wanted in Kylian Mbappe after reaffirming to Los Blancos his desire to join the club in 2024. (AS) READ NEXT manual Manchester United could sell Scott McTominay and Victor Lindelof in the summer. The midfielder is wanted by Newcastle, while the defender was courted by Atletico Madrid and Inter in January. (Fabrizio Romano) Out-of-contract goalkeeper David De Gea is a target for Roma, who are managed by former Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho. (Fichajes) Tottenham are also considering De Gea as a stop-gap replacement for Hugo Lloris. (Caught Offside) However, Manchester United's hopes of landing Harry Kane have been dealt a blow with Daniel Levy reluctant to do business with either them or Manchester City following Kyle Walker's move to the Etihad Stadium in 2017. (Daily Mail) In terms of other incomings, Manchester United face significant competition in the race to sign Victor Osimhen from Chelsea, who will hope that the striker's adoration of club legend Didier Drogba will prove beneficial in their pursuit. (Evening Standard) Chelsea may have work to do to keep their current best players, with Real Madrid expected to submit a huge offer for Reece James this summer. (Football Insider) LISTEN NOW