Bayern Munich chief Karl-Heinz Rummenigge has confirmed the club will look to extend the contract of centre-back Niklas Sule, who has emerged as a possible transfer target for Chelsea. Even before the arrival of new manager Thomas Tuchel, Chelsea have been planning to sign a young but experienced centre-back in the summer, and with Sule set to enter the final 12 months of his deal at the end of the season, his name has been added to the radar. Bayern are expected to make a decision on Sule's future this summer, with earlier reports saying he will be sold for close to  £27m if he fails to sign a new contract, but Rummenigge confirmed he hopes to avoid losing yet another defender.    We want the good German national players at FC Bayern,    Rummenigge said (via Spox).    Niklas still has one year of contract. "We will hold talks and see where they lead. We will look at it seriously and calmly until the summer. The coronavirus has also caused financial damage to FC Bayern. "If we find a solution, we are generally happy to extend the contract, but that will only be possible under certain conditions.    Bayern are already losing David Alaba, who recently confirmed his departure from the German giants after they failed to meet his wage demands, although they have made up for that by signing RB Leipzig's Dayot Upamecano. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea will try and chase Sule. They have already missed out on Upamecano, and although they are keen on Alaba, the Austrian is understood to favour a move to Real Madrid instead. "?? ??????? ?? ??? ????, ??? ???? ?????? ??? ??? ?????."David Alaba has confirmed that after 13 years at the club, he'll be leaving Bayern at the end of the season.Next stop: Madrid? ?    pic.twitter.com/SVg2hBgJcs Another name linked with a move to Stamford Bridge is Upamecano's partner at Leipzig, Ibrahima Konate. According to Sport Bild, Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United are all chasing the Frenchman, who comes with a release clause of around  £39m - similar to that of Upamecano.