New Al Ettifaq manager Steven Gerrard is interested in bringing former Liverpool teammates Jordan Henderson and Philippe Coutinho to Saudi Arabia, 90min understands. Al Ettifaq confirmed the appointment of Gerrard on Monday after the former Rangers and Aston Villa boss originally rejected the club's proposal at the end of June. 90min understands that Gerrard was hoping to secure jobs with either Leicester City or Leeds United but agreed to join the Saudi Pro League club when it became apparent that he would not land either role in England. Gerrard has been promised 'huge' funds in order to rebuild an Al Ettifaq side which finished seventh last season - 30 points off Asian Champions League qualification and just nine points clear of the relegation zone - and the legendary midfielder has requested the club make offers for two of his former Liverpool teammates. Sources have confirmed to 90min that both current Liverpool captain Henderson and Aston Villa star Coutinho are on Gerrard's radar this summer. Henderson currently has two years left on his current contract at Anfield, having signed a four-year deal back in 2021. Despite his advancing years, the 33-year-old has remained a valuable squad player for Jurgen Klopp, making 41 appearances in all competitions last season.  The midfielder played alongside Gerrard during the first four years of his now 12-year career at Liverpool, winning the League Cup together in the 2011/12 season. feed 90min understands that despite Gerrard's eagerness to make a move for Henderson, it will be extremely difficult to convince him to make the move to Saudi Arabia this summer. Although a move for Henderson may not be possible, sources have confirmed that one for Coutinho is. The club believe that the Brazil international is interested in making the move to Al Ettifaq in order to link up with his former teammate and manager. Gerrard and Coutinho spent three seasons together in Liverpool's midfield, striking up a real partnership as the creative hub of the Reds' team at the time. Since then, Gerrard has also worked with Coutinho in a coaching capacity, signing the Brazilian during his short stint as Aston Villa manager. Coutinho has struggled for game time at Villa Park since Gerrard was sacked in October 2022, making just seven starts in the Premier League during the 2022/23 campaign, and his lack of minutes under Unai Emery could be a key factor in whether or not he leaves this summer. Another former Liverpool player, Georginio Wijnaldum, is also of interest following the conclusion of his loan spell at Roma. The Dutchman spent five years at Anfield, playing alongside Henderson and Coutinho, and could be open to a permanent departure from Paris Saint-Germain.