90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Erling Haaland has rejected Manchester City's proposal to extend his contract as he does not want to remove his    200m release clause. The Norway striker turned down an extra    40m in salary and an improved goal bonus as well. (OKDiario) Real Madrid are ready to trigger Alejandro Garnacho's new    100m release clause to sign him the young winger from Manchester United this summer. (Defensa Central) Bayern Munich are looking for a buyer for Sadio Mane this summer and would be happy to negotiate a sale. (Christian Falk) Incoming Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino has already spoken about Mane during his negotiations with the Blues and has given his approval to signing the former Liverpool winger. (Football Insider) Inter are prepared to cash in on Lautaro Martinez this summer, with Manchester United interested in the Argentina striker. (Football Insider) But Man Utd are pushing to sign Eintracht Frankfurt forward Randal Kolo Muani and hope to beat Bayern Munich to his signature. (Sky Germany) Liverpool have joined Bayern Munich and Real Madrid in pursuit of Southampton centre-back Armel Bella-Kotchap, who could be available if the Saints fail to avoid relegation from the Premier League. (Fichajes) feed Los Blancos are also ready to battle Man Utd for the signature of Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby, who is valued at    50m and seen as a viable backup for Vinicius Junior at Real Madrid. (Fichajes) Talks have been held between Aston Villa and striker Ollie Watkins over a new contract amid reported interest from Bayern Munich. (The Athletic) Tottenham sent scouts to watch Southampton midfielder James Ward-Prowse this weekend as they consider a summer bid. (Daily Mail) Folarin Balogun plans to hold talks with Arsenal this summer over his future as Paris Saint-Germain look to sign the young striker. (football.london) Ilkay Gundogan will leave Manchester City at the end of the season as he has 'no intention' of signing a new contract. Barcelona want the German but will face plenty of competition from unnamed Premier League clubs. (Marca)