Sir Alex Ferguson's continued success at Manchester United was often credited to the fact he would constantly look to improve his squad even if they'd won the title the previous year - and it seems Steven Gerrard is looking to adopt a similar method. The Rangers boss has already been busy in the transfer market - despite the Scottish Premiership season being ongoing - with KV Oostende striker Fashion Sakala signing a pre-contract agreement at Ibrox. ? Welcome Sakala ?? #RangersFC are today delighted to announce that a pre-contract has been agreed with Fashion Sakala, and he will join from Belgian side KV Oostende in the summer-subject to international clearance and a work permit being received. The Gers are making a habit of doing their summer shopping in the Belgian top flight, and in fairness to them their recent purchases of Kemar Roofe and Ianis Hagi haven't gone too badly. Here's your chance to swot up on everything you need to know about Sakala before he's even arrived, as 90min provide you with a rundown of everything you need to know about the Rangers new boy... In committing to join Rangers this summer Sakala will make history in becoming the first ever Zambian to grace the Scottish Premiership.Subject to international clearance and the granting of a work permit, the 24-year-old will sign a four-year deal at Ibrox with Rangers having fought off stiff competition from Ligue 1 leaders Lille.Gerrard has already spoken of his delight at having secured the services of the frontman, describing him as exactly the kind of player Rangers need to bolster their attacking arsenal. Well it was never going to be all good news.Sakala already has 13 senior caps for Zambia under his belt and he opened his international account against Ivory Coast in a 4-1 defeat back in 2019.However, on his senior international debut two years earlier he was sent off with less than an hour played in a 2018 World Cup qualifier against Algeria.Sounds like he'll compliment Alfredo Morelos nicely. Fashion Sakala On Target For Spartak-2 Moscow https://t.co/MWtIOgxMRs pic.twitter.com/5jF0aUedjg Just a month prior to his 20th birthday, Sakala secured a move to Russian giants Spartak Moscow.Despite clearly being impressed enough by the youngster to give him his big break away from Zambian football, Spartak never afforded him a chance in the first team.Having notched ten goals in 35 appearances for the club's reserve side, Sakala made the switch to KV Oostende having spent little more than a year in Russia. Well, they had 'Rangers' in their name at least.Sakala was handed his big break in professional football at Zambian outfit Nchanga Rangers and he didn't disappoint.The frontman notched 23 goals in 40 outings for the club and was soon snapped up by fellow Zambian side Zanaco.A record of nearly a goal every other game was enough to tempt Spartak Moscow into taking a punt on the youngster, but we've already discussed how that turned out. 2017 UNDER 20 AFCON CHAMPIONS.#OurLandOurCup?#Zambia#OZPSH#MakeItProfessional pic.twitter.com/cIkgxbrVvA