Welcome to  90min's  transfer blog, keeping you on top of every breaking story, report and rumour that you need to know about. The last-chance saloon bar is starting to usher people towards the exit, with time quickly running out for clubs to get their vital business done. As it often the case though, this increased pressure has forced a string of potential deals into life.  Yesterday we saw Erling Haaland issue an update on his future and Anthony Martial open up on his move to Sevilla, while there were several more twists and turns at St James' Park.  Newcastle are likely to dominate the headlines again today and you can follow all the latest rumours, news and done deals below... Alrighty, we're going to start winding down. But don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened! And, also, we'll be back at it again on Friday, when there'll no doubt be more rumours, done deals and general transfer silliness to enjoy. Until then, take it easy. Bit late to this one, but better late than never, eh! Daniel Wass has left Valencia to sign for Atletico Madrid on a deal that will run until 2023. He's very versatile, so expect him to play anywhere and everywhere under Diego Simeone. Inter are keeping themselves busy this window. They brought in Robin Gosens earlier on Thursday and also have a deal lined up for Genoa striker Felipe Caicedo on loan. He's expected to be in Milan on Friday to sign his contracts and do his medicals. Dusan Vlahovic is ditching Fiorentina for Juventus, meaning La Viola need a new goalscoring sensation up front. It looks like Arthur Cabral is going to be that replacement - he has been banging them in over in Switzerland for Basel so it seems like a decent deal. The Brazilian has been spotted in Florence ahead of his medical. Patrik Schick has built on a brilliant Euro 2020 campaign with an awesome first half of 2021/22 with Bayer Leverkusen, where he has scored 18 goals in 17 Bundesliga appearances. He has been linked with a move away from Germany, but going off the below statement it doesn't look like he'll be leaving BayArena anytime soon. pic.twitter.com/NUi1R6edM3 Yannick Carrasco - forever linked with moves but almost always at Atletico Madrid - will not be leaving Diego Simeone's side this window, according to Matteo Moretto. The Belgian has been linked with Newcastle this month, but then again who hasn't? talkSPORT are reporting that Bruno Guimaraes' move to Newcastle is a 'done deal'.  He's currently sitting on Brazil's bench during a crazy World Cup qualifier with Ecuador in which two players have been sent off. It's only the first half. William Saliba has been asked about what the future holds. The Frenchman is yet to make a first team appearance for Arsenal and was naturally coy when speculating over what may happen in the next few years. He said:    The only thing that I can tell you is that I am happy at Marseille, that is positive. I like the city, the club, the supporters, the team...everything is going well. I do not know what will happen in six months. Last year, when I was at Nice at the same time, I did not know that I would be playing for Marseille. Things go so fast in football. I don   t want to think about the future. I am going to give my all. Then there will be discussions in summer.    Liverpool are set to win the race for Fulham youngster Fabio Carvalho and are looking into a potential deal this month. 19-year-old Carvalho has scored seven Championship goals this season as the Cottagers look to seal promotion back up to the Premier League. You can read more of that story here. Aston Villa are anticipating a fresh  £35m bid for defensive midfielder Douglas Luiz from an unnamed Premier League club, according to The Telegraph. 90min revealed earlier on Thursday that manager Steven Gerrard is hoping to tie the Brazil international down to a new contract at Villa Park. Arsenal are among the interested parties as their search for a new midfielder continues. Newcastle have been linked with yet another defender - this time it's Jeremiah St. Juste of Mainz. That's according to Sky Germany. The two clubs are said to be in talks over a    15m deal for the Dutch centre-back, who has impressed this season. It seems Tottenham have managed to shift unwanted midfielder Tanguy Ndombele, with the Frenchman set for a return to Ligue 1. 90min understands Spurs are confident that PSG will take the France international for the rest of the season in a straight loan deal before Monday's transfer deadline. There's no keeping Newcastle out of the headlines at the moment... The latest name to be linked with the newly-moneyed Magpies? Atletico Madrid star Yannick Carrasco. A report from Spain claims the Tynesiders have been in contact with the Belgian's agents and they would have to shell out a minimum of    60m to get their man. Barcelona are close to securing a loan deal for Benfica left-back Alex Grimaldo - who came through the Catalan giants' famed La Masia academy before moving to Portugal. The loan would include an obligation to buy and a player could head in the opposite direction as a makeweight, according to Record. And another! Inter have confirmed the arrival of Atalanta wing-back Robin Gosens in a loan deal with an option to buy. The left-sided full-back had been a target for Newcastle, but Inter moved to the front of the queue and have tied up a deal for the Germany international. Out of absolutely nowhere, a done deal. Versatile defender Calum Chambers has left Arsenal to join Aston Villa on a three-and-a-half year deal for an undisclosed fee. There had been little to no speculation surrounding this one beforehand. Takumi Minamino has been given more opportunities at Liverpool recently - partly due to Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane leaving for the Africa Cup of Nations - and it appears the Reds don't want to let him leave this month. The Evening Standard report that Leeds and Monaco have both had advances rejected by Liverpool, who have "no real desire" to let him go. Grant McCann was recently given the boot by Hull and the Tigers have now confirmed his successor. Shota Arveladze has come in on a two and a half year deal, having previously managed in Turkey and Israel. Hopefully we won't get sued for using the above catchphrase. Fabrizio Romano reports that all the details between Fiorentina and Juventus have been sorted for the transfer of Dusan Vlahovic. It'll be a    75m fee with add-ons included. That's a massive coup for Juve. They've struggled for goals this season but Vlahovic is joint top of the scoring rankings in Serie A alongside Ciro Immobile with 17 strikes. Arsenal have been linked with a move for USA goalkeeper Matt Turner, with New England Revolution sporting director and head coach Bruce Arena issuing a positive update for Gunners fans. He said on local radio: "The likelihood of that [transfer] happening is pretty strong." Dutch giants Ajax still want to sign Tottenham winger Steven Bergwijn this month, The Athletic reckon. The Godenzonen are apparently willing to shell out    22m, although Spurs want    25m and are very unlikely to sell unless they have signed a replacement. Porto's Luis Diaz is their primary target... Could this be related to Newcastle's move for Lyon's Bruno Guimaraes? According to reports in France, the Ligue 1 side are close to signing Brest attacking midfielder Romain Faivre, who has continued to impress this season having been linked with plenty of top clubs in the past. The 23-year-old has agreed to the transfer and a    15m deal is now close. ICYMI, young Man Utd winger Amad Diallo has joined Rangers for the rest of the season in a straight loan deal. A Gers statement read: "The 19 year-old winger goes straight into the Gers squad for Saturday   s match at Ross County, and will add further to manager Giovanni van Bronckhorst   s attacking options, given his pedigree from two of Europe   s top leagues as well as continental competition." Burnley have been desperately searching for a new striker since Chris Wood upped an left for Newcastle earlier in the window. They may have found a pretty impressive solution to their problem, though. According to The Athletic, the Clarets are confident of completing a deal for Wolfsburg frontman Wout Weghorst. The Netherlands international is in talks over personal terms. A deal for Dinamo Zagreb's Mislav Orsic is also progressing. That seems like some smart business... Look away now, Tottenham fans... It's being widely reported that Wolves winger (and long-term Spurs target) Adama Traore is set to seal a sensational return to Barcelona. The deal is a loan with an option to buy for    35m at the end of the season, and Bar  a will foot 100% of his wages. The Spain international will undergo a medical tomorrow and then it will be made official. Crazy stuff! Italian and Spanish clubs with rival Crystal Palace for the signing of Man Utd's Donny van de Beek on loan. That's according to ESPN, and while the interested parties are unnamed, Valencia were touted as a potential suitor earlier this week. 90min revealed earlier on Thursday that Palace are pushing to secure a loan deal before the transfer deadline on Monday, although Manchester United remain reluctant to let the player go. Chelsea could see one midfielder come through the door as another leaves in the summer. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Blues have approached Barcelona about signing Frenkie de Jong, and that could in turn lead to Jorginho joining Juventus. Juve have sounded out the Italy international's representatives about a potential move to Turin, with his contract due to expire in 2023. Arsenal have been dealt another blow in the transfer window, with the news that midfield target Douglas Luiz set for new contract talks with Aston Villa. 90min understands Luiz forms a key part of Steven Gerrard's plans. Newcastle are closing in on a deal for Lyon's Brazilian midfielder Bruno Guimaraes, according to L'Equipe in France. They say the Magpies have raised their offer to    42m plus    10m in bonuses and talks are ongoing. 90min revealed last night that the 24-year-old has told the Ligue 1 side that he wants to move to Tyneside. More Chelsea news... According to reports in France, Barcelona contract rebel Ousmane Dembele has no interest in a January move to Chelsea - despite having thrived under Blues head coach Thomas Tuchel during their time together at Borussia Dortmund. Although the player has been told he will be sold this month having failed to agree a new contract, it turns out he actually wants to stay at Camp Nou - and further talks are planned. Marca have backed up 90min's recent report that there is still a mutual desire between Chelsea and Sevilla's Jules Kounde for a move to Stamford Bridge. The Blues believed they had agreed a cut-price fee to sign Kounde last August, only to be blindsided when the Spanish club increased their demands at the 11th hour. While a transfer will be nigh on impossible in January, the Blues will likely make their move in the summer. Tuttosport are reporting that Inter's number one target in the summer will be Gianluca Scamacca. The Sassuolo forward was previously linked to Juventus, but with Dusan Vlahovic on his way to Turin there is no longer a need for Scamacca at the club.  So how can Burnley replace Chris Wood?  By signing another massive striker of course. According to the Athletic, Sean Dyche's side are determined to sign Wout Werghorst before Monday's deadline. Amad Diallo is set to join Rangers on loan this month. The Man Utd youngster is set to head to Scotland for six months, and the Gers do not have an option to buy Diallo at the end of the loan.  Sevilla director of football Monchi has confirmed that talks with Newcastle over the transfer of Diego Carlos are over. 90min reported exactly this a few days ago. "The offer wasn   t enough. Maybe it wasn   t the right time. Diego is happy here," Monchi said. Armando Broja is attracting more and more interest as the window drags on. First linked with a permanent switch to Southampton, Newcastle have also been mentioned as suitors in recent days.  Now, TEAMtalk claim that Everton and Leeds are keeping tabs on the situation too. Where he ends up is anyone's guess at this point.  As promised, here's everything you need to know about Donny van de Beek's transfer situation. Read the full story here. You can add Ander Herrera to the list of players who have turned Tottenham down this window. The former Man Utd man was apparently offered as makeweight in a Tanguy Ndombele swap deal, but he soon made it clear that he had no interest in a Premier League return. 90min understands that Crystal Palace's interest in Donny van de Beek is genuine, and they feel encouraged enough to keep pursuing the player.  The only issue is, if Man Utd do green light his exit the Eagles will be in competition with a host of top sides across Europe for the midfielder. This one looks set to go right down to the wire. Full story coming soon. Reports in Spain suggest that Adama Traore has said 'yes' to a Barcelona return. The only problem is, it's not really up to him is it?  Leeds are also keen, but would prefer to make their move in the summer. A lot of moving parts here then... This could be a biggie.  Last night Stephane Darmani claimed, while appearing on the Late Football Club in France, that Lyon have rejected a    60m bid for star-man Lucas Paqueta. The offer came from an unnamed 'top five' Premier League side.  Arsenal maybe? Or Man Utd? Expect more on this later today.  Man Utd have needed a new midfielder for about a decade and Cristiano Ronaldo could hold the key to convincing one of their key targets to make the move.  As reported in the Mirror, United are interested in Sporting CP's Joao Palhinha who has previously revealed his delight at playing with Ronaldo at international level. Perhaps CR7 can convince him to come to Old Trafford? Reports from Spain this morning claim Barcelona are ready to implement a wage cap on all new signings, starting this summer.  On the face of it, this seems like a very good idea if they want to avoid the financial issues that have plagued the club in recent years. However, it could curtail their pursuit of Erling Haaland. Read the full story here.  A few weeks ago Alvaro Morata to Barcelona seemed to be a done deal. Flash forward to the present and things are extremely complex.  Fabrizio Romano notes that although the player is keen on the move Atletico Madrid are unwilling to sanction another loan switch, and the Blaugrana cannot sign him permanently unless they get a high earner off the books. Easier said than done in the current climate.  One of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's former sides could be ready to offer him a route out of Arsenal this month.  As per Football Italia, Milan - who the striker started his career with but never played a league game - are interested but the player's wage demands could be a trouble. He apparently wants double what Zlatan Ibrahimovic earns. That isn't going to happen...  We kick off with news about everyone's favourite brick-heading, Cruyff-turning centre-back, Nat Phillips.  He is one of many defensive targets Newcastle are pursuing after a move for Diego Carlos collapsed, and according to Carl Markham, the Magpies have already seen a loan offer turned down. The bid also included an obligation to buy in the summer. 