Premier League clubs spent a combined total of around  £1.4bn last summer, with players such as Harry Maguire and Nicolas Pepe demanding the biggest fees. While the financial consequences of the coronavirus pandemic may prevent this summer's spending from surpassing last year's total, there is no doubt that we will see more big money signings as clubs try to bolster their squads for next season.  Here is one player each Premier League club should sign this summer. The task for Jurgen Klopp is not an enviable one - how do you improve a side that's already so good?Well, while a midfield of Fabinho, Jordan Henderson, and Georginio Wijnaldum is certainly industrious, perhaps that extra bit of quality is missing. Bayern Munich midfielder Thiago Alcantara has been heavily linked with a move to Anfield, and he could be the man to give the Reds that little bit more class.  With a near-perfect midfield and a frightening frontline, Pep Guardiola has an embarrassment of riches going forward. Defensively, however, there is much left to be desired.City's defence has looked shaky this season, especially after the injury to Aymeric Laporte in August. They aren't wasting any time in rectifying their defensive woes, more or less already wrapping up a deal for Bournemouth defender Nathan Ake. However, if they want to close the 18-point gap on Liverpool, a centre-back of Kalidou Koulibaly's class could be needed. Manchester United's front three of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial, and Mason Greenwood were excellent last term - scoring 61 goals between them in all competitions.However, while their starting lineup is strong, the lack of depth will be a concern for Solskjaer.Should the Red Devils get the heavily rumoured signing of Sancho over the line, he would likely be the marquee signing of the summer. Chelsea have the world's most expensive goalkeeper under contract until 2025. The problem is, he's not...very good. Kepa has come in for heavy criticism this season, and the club are desperately looking for anyone who'll take him off their hands for a fee even approaching the    80m they paid for him.If he leaves, he needs replacing. If he doesn't leave, he'll need replacing anyway. Andre Onana is good, has deep Champions League experience and should be reasonably affordable. Following Watford's relegation, we can expect a mass exodus from Vicarage Road.Ismaila Sarr will surely be one of those to leave, having ending the season as Watford's second top scorer.With bags of pace, the ability to beat a man and an eye for goal, Sarr seems like the perfect fit for Brendan Rodgers' Leicester side     although with four years left on his contract, they'll have to pay up. Claude Makelele, Javier Zanetti, Sami Khedira, Nemanja Matic - every successful Jose Mourinho side has had a top class defensive midfielder sitting in front of the defence.With Tottenham lacking in that area, there have been reports that Mourinho is set to raid his former side, with the possibility of outcast Tanguy Ndombele moving the other way. Rumour has it that if Wolves sign three more Portuguese players, Molineux will be renamed Brazil II. However, they're light in central midfield     with only Ruben Neves, Joao Moutinho, and Leander Dendoncker available to them     and Moutinho will be 34 by the time the next Premier League campaign starts.Nuno Espirito Santo may go after Portugal international Danilo Pereira, who he worked with previously at Porto.   Having won 27 trophies in his career, Thiago Silva has established himself as one of the best defenders in the modern era. However, the Brazilian has found himself as a free agent following the expiry of his contract at PSG.Despite being 35 years old, Silva still has plenty to offer, and Arsenal's defensive calamities this season make this is a move that would make sense. Chris Wilder's side were magnificent at the back this season, boasting the best defensive record outside of the top three.However, their productivity at the other end has been less impressive, with only four sides in the league scoring fewer goals than them.The Blades have been linked with Norwegian forward Josh King, who has scored 50 goals for the Cherries. The former Manchester United striker could be the right man for Sheffield United, and only has one year left on his deal with relegated Bournemouth. While New Zealand international Chris Wood bagged 14 last season, the goals from midfield were lacking for Sean Dyche's side, with no midfielder scoring more than two in the league.Bournemouth winger David Brooks could be the solution to this problem. Brooks missed large parts of the last season through injury, but in the previous campaign registered seven goals in 30 appearances. And, y'know, Bournemouth went down.  Once a seemingly promising talent, Kyle Walker-Peters has fallen down the pecking order at Tottenham Hotspur.The 23-year old has enjoyed a revival under Ralph Hassenhuttl at Southampton, and it would probably be best for all parties if Walker-Peters was to make his loan move at the Saints permanent.Jose Mourinho hinted to a late-season press conference that Spurs won't stand in his way if Southampton put up a reasonable offer. Given the failures of some of Everton's expensive creative signings, such as Alex Iwobi and Gylfi Sigurdsson, it is a near-miracle that Richarlison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin managed to accumulate 13 goals each last term.With a bit more of a creative spark, Carlo Ancelotti's side could become one of the most potent sides in the league. Argentine winger Emiliano Buendia could be the right man for the Toffees. Again though     four years on the contract.  It's no secret what the problem is at Newcastle - 39% of last season's league goals were scored by defenders, and their top scorer was Jonjo Shelvey with six.A striker is needed at St. James' Park, and maybe it's time to dip into the French leagues once again.Senegalese forward Habib Diallo has scored 48 goals in 100 league appearances for Metz, and at 25 years of age, has plenty of resale value. Just what Mike Ashley will be looking for. Crystal Palace ended the season having scored just 31 goals - a figure bettered by everyone in the league except Norwich City. With star man Wilfried Zaha expected to be on his way out, the attack is in danger of being historically bad next season.QPR's Ebere Eze could looks to be an ideal replacement for Zaha and, with 14 goals and eight assists last season, the England youth international could be the man to solve their attacking problems. Brighton are another side who weren't exactly free-scoring last season, with only French forward Neal Maupay passing five-goal mark.Norwich midfielder Todd Cantwell could help turn that around. Despite the Canaries finishing bottom of the table, the 22-year old scored six times and, with a better team around him, he could improve that next season. David Moyes has been left light at the right-back spot by the departures of Pablo Zabaleta and Jeremy Ngakia, Brazilian full-back Emerson is one man who has been linked with the Hammers. The 21-year old has scored three and assisted six for Real Betis this season.However, West Ham may have to move quickly, with Tottenham, Everton, and Newcastle also reportedly interested.  Aston Villa had big problems at the back last season, conceding 67 goals     the second highest in the league, behind (you guessed it!) Norwich.One man who could help reduce this figure is Bournemouth man Chris Mepham. The Welshman played under Villa manager Dean Smith at Brentford.