The annual January scramble for fresh blood is a little over a week away, with the transfer window opening on Saturday 2 January.  Marcelo Bielsa will no doubt be looking for some timely additions to his squad, with a whole heap of names already being heavily linked with a move to Elland Road.  14 matches into the campaign Leeds sit comfortably in 14th, seven points clear of the relegation zone and more than likely looking up the table rather than nervously over their shoulder.  Bielsa's team have delighted neutral viewers with their unapologetically attacking style of play, but Whites fans themselves would likely enjoy not conceding so many goals.  FULL TIME: Man Utd 6-2 #LUFC The goal-fest specialists have only been involved in one goalless draw and have the worst defensive record in the league. Their 6-2 thrashing by Manchester United saw their goals conceded tally rise to 30, an average of more than two a game.  It is, however, unlikely that their attacking play will save them from a relegation scrap if they continue to defend in this manner. Defensive reinforcements must be a necessity for Bielsa who, despite his insistence on attacking football, would surely like to see fewer goals conceded.  Here are some signings that would help ensure their Premier League status in the second half of the season.  The Whites were linked with Arsenal's Rob Holding all summer and had supposedly agreed personal terms with him, before Mikel Arteta pulled the plug on the deal.Holding has since played his way back into his manager's favour, meaning a transfer now looks unlikely. However, a more realistic transfer target might be Fikayo Tomori. The Chelsea centre-half enjoyed a breakout season last campaign and impressed in his 15 outings. However this season, with the arrival of Thiago Silva and Frank Lampard's obvious preference of Kurt Zouma at the heart of his defence, playing time has been severely limited for the young England international. A move to Leeds for the remainder of the season could be a welcome solution to all those involved, as Leeds would bolster their defensive ranks with an imposing, pacy defender to help the less mobile Liam Cooper. Left-back is another area the Yorkshire club needs to strengthen, with Leeds linked with Norwegian Frederick Andre Bjorkan by Teamtalk. Bielsa would no doubt enjoy the purchase of a naturally left-sided full-back, with natural wingers Stuart Dallas and Ezgjan Alioski being forced to play out of position at the back so far this campaign.The 22-year-old would be leaving Bodo Glimt on a high, having featured in all 30 league matches in their title-winning season this year, finishing a whopping 19 points ahead of second-placed Molde. 