Al Hilal, one of four Saudi Pro League sides financed by the country's Public Investment Fund (PIF), have lodged a world-record bid for wantaway Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe, 90min understands. Mbappe was left out of PSG's pre-season squad after making it clear that he does intend to trigger the extension clause in his current contract, which runs until the summer of 2024. The Ligue 1 champions are desperate to avoid a situation where Mbappe can leave the club on a free transfer, and have made available him this summer. Contact has been made with a number of clubs across the globe, but it's shock interest from Saudi Arabia that could rock the footballing world. Sources have confirmed to 90min that PIF-backed Al Hilal have formalised an enormous offer worth    300m ( £259m) that would make Mbappe the most expensive player ever - a fee that would shatter the record set by PSG's acquisition of Neymar for    222m ( £198m) in 2017. PSG are prepared to accept the offer but the final decision will ultimately rest with Mbappe, who 90min understands is not keen on a move to the Middle East at this point in his career. feed Indeed, sources close to the Saudi side acknowledge that their proposal is unlikely to be approved by Mbappe who, as 90min revealed earlier this week, has his heart solely set on a move to Real Madrid in the future. Real Madrid's long-term interest in Mbappe remains and club president Florentino Perez is confident of having the Frenchman in his squad by 2024, when Mbappe will become a free agent if he does not sign an extension. A summer transfer to the Santiago Bernabeu has not been ruled out but Real Madrid are reluctant to pay a significant fee for a player who can be secured on a free transfer in just six months. PSG, while also leaving the door open to a contract extension for Mbappe, are looking to drum up interest in the 24-year-old from elsewhere in Europe in the hope of seeing clubs match their asking price of at least    200m ( £172m).