Leicester have confirmed that experienced winger Marc Albrighton has put pen to paper on a new contract at the King Power Stadium. A regular since joining the club back in 2014, Albrighton was an integral part of the squad that won the Premier League title in 2015/16, and he has retained that importance since Brendan Rodgers took over. We're pleased to confirm that Marc Albrighton has signed a new contract with the Football Club until 2024! ?    The 31-year-old, who had entered the final year of his contract, managed 42 appearances in all competitions last season, including a start in the FA Cup final victory over Chelsea, so tying him down to a new deal was a top priority this summer. Leicester have now done exactly that, taking to their official website to confirm that Albrighton has put pen to paper on a new three-year contract to tie himself to the Foxes until 2024. "I'm delighted, it   s obviously a club that's progressing every single year," he told LCFC TV. "It's a fantastic a club, the people here, where the Club   s going, the direction that they   re going in, it's great to be a part of. "It's a club that I've really settled into. I   ve got a good relationship with the fans. The people here are great. Whether it's the staff around the training ground, the stadium or the players, the management, coaching staff, I just really enjoy coming to work every day at the training ground. "I like coming in and working hard and feeling like I've done something in that day and, to be doing it at the level that we are competing, is a dream for me. "Obviously, I have always been the type of person and player that wants to establish himself at a club and stay there instead of flitting between different clubs and travelling to different places. I've settled in here so it's great and I'm really enjoying it." Albrighton also confessed to being excited about the club's transfer business, which has already seen Patson Daka, Boubakary Soumare and Ryan Bertrand brought to the King Power Stadium.