Exclusive - Premier League trio Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur have all asked Real Madrid about the availability of Achraf Hakimi, who has been on loan at Borussia Dortmund since 2018. The Madrid-born Morocco international has impressed hugely during his time in Germany, scoring 13 times in 70 appearances for BVB, while he has picked up 10 assists in the Bundesliga during 2019/20. Now established as one of one of Europe's most exciting attacking full backs, with the versatility to play on either flank, Hakimi is expected to return to Madrid upon the conclusion of the Bundesliga campaign. But a source has told 90min that Dortmund are desperate to sign the 21-year-old on a permanent deal, though they will face huge - and financially powerful - competition if Real Madrid decide to entertain offers. The likes of Paris Saint Germain, Inter and Juventus are keeping a close eye, as are Chelsea, Manchester City and Tottenham. The English clubs are all keen to overhaul their full back options this summer and have registered enquires with Madrid. As recently as last month, Hakimi's agent Alejandro Camano played down speculation of anything other than a return to Madrid, while the player himself has made his desire to continue under Zinedine Zidane clear - but left the door open to another move. He told Telefoot: "Real Madrid are the club I call home. 'I've really enjoyed my time there and played lots of games there. If Real Madrid want me to go back, I'll go back.  Dortmund's all-rounder ? @AchrafHakimi is one of the very best in the business ? pic.twitter.com/ybEHpOEizc "And if not, I will need to write the next chapter at another great club." Hakimi has been with Los Blancos since his was eight years old, making his first-team debut back in 2016. Meanwhile, 28-year-old Dani Carvajal - also a product of Madrid's own academy - has played 22 out of 27 of the club's La Liga games this season and remains a hard player to oust from the starting lineup in the short-term.