We've been here before, folks: Kylian Mbappe, Real Madrid. Run it back. The Frenchman's antics this summer have seemingly disillusioned the club where he boasts supreme power, and a move to the Spanish capital is more than a feasible possibility after years of missed opportunities on Real's behalf. However, there are no guarantees that such a mammoth and complex deal will go through heading into 2023/24.  With Karim Benzema venturing off to the emerging Saudi frontier, Real's striker situation is currently a precarious one. They won't be heading into the new season with Joselu leading the line, that's for sure, and Endrick, the Brazilian sensation who'll arrive next summer, is surely too young to be considered Benzema's successor right away.  There's a period of transition up top Real must mitigate, and they're hoping to acquire Mbappe as their next Galactico. However, there are other options for Los Blancos should Mbappe remain in Paris.  Here a five alternatives to Mbappe for the Spanish giants to consider. Age: 24Club: Napoli Fresh off his Capocannoniere crowning season with Napoli, Osimhen has attracted interest from several members of Europe's elite and is considered one of the most valuable forwards on the planet. As a result, Aurelio De Laurentiis will not let his Nigerian hitman depart lightly this summer and the president's stubbornness will likely deter potential suitors. As special as Osimhen is, clubs are unlikely to come close to Napoli's reported asking price of  £150m.  The Italian club's depth up top could facilitate a sale late in the summer, but it's hard to envisage Real spending that sort of cash for a player not called Kylian.  The 24-year-old would thrive under the bright Bernabeu lights, but a considerable compromise will have to be reached over a fee if Real were to step up their interest. Age: 24Club: Eintracht Frankfurt Another name doing the rounds in transfer rumour mills this summer, Kolo Muani has had Manchester United and Bayern Munich on his tail. The French international is expected to leave Eintracht Frankfurt after their disappointing 2022/23 season, but the two aforementioned clubs have moved on to different targets. United are pushing for Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund, while Bayern are hopeful of prising Harry Kane away from Tottenham. Good luck with that, guys.  Nevertheless, Kolo Muani remains on the market and he could be a wise alternative to Mbappe. He's a flexible frontman who loves to drift out to the channels and battle defenders one-on-one. The young forward may not be an out-and-out number nine, but neither is Mbappe. Alongside Rodrygo and Vinicius Jr, the trio could combine to create an interchangeable machine up top with speed to burn in behind defences. Age: 25Club: Inter Despite another productive season with Inter, Lautaro hasn't been such a prominent name in the market this summer. The World Cup winner is among the hottest and coldest strikers. He's so hard to defend against when he's on, but his off days are so woeful that many clubs will undoubtedly be deterred.  Consistency has been an issue for Lautaro throughout his senior career, but the striker's maturation has seen him evolve into a regular producer in front of goal. He scored 20+ Serie A goals for the second season running in 2022/23 and played a leading role as the Nerazzurri lifted two domestic trophies before reaching the Champions League final. The Lautaro of three years ago may not have been able to cope with the pressure of leading Real's line, but the new and improved iteration certainly is.  Age: 23Club: Man City A left-field choice, but Real may have to think outside of the box if they're to find a desirable Mbappe alternative this summer. Success for Alvarez at Manchester City seemed inevitable after the Citizens snapped the River Plate hotshot up for peanuts and he joined the club ahead of the 2022/23 season. Despite playing second fiddle to Erling Haaland, Alvarez scored 17 times in all competitions and played a starring role in Argentina's ascent to World Cup glory. Alvarez has already drawn comparisons to Sergio Aguero, but some might argue the young Argentine has more strings to his bow. While an excellent finisher, Alvarez has the makings of an elite multi-faceted #9 in the mould of Kane.  City will surely demand a monster fee, but it's worth Real testing the waters. Age: 23Club: Lille There are several avenues Los Blancos could go this summer if they miss out on Mbappe again.  They could go for a stop-gap to oversee the period of transition before the Frenchman's inevitable arrival in 2024 as well as Endrick's, a seasoned star who'll ensure Real are competitive in 2023/24 and beyond, or they could continue their new policy of breeding exciting young talent and back them to shine right away.  Two of our suggested five fall into the second category, while the other three fall into the third, including our fifth alternative: Jonathan David.  The 23-year-old has enjoyed three stellar seasons with Lille and he just enjoyed the most productive campaign of his career to date, scoring 24 goals in 37 Ligue 1 appearances. David has caught the eye of plenty amid his rise in France, and Juventus are said to be in the race for him this summer.