With the 2019/20 season set to run deep into summer as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, players whose deals were due to expire on 30 June have now either penned short-term extensions, agreed deals to move to new clubs, or left as free agents. Here's a look at nine of the most high-profile stars now on the lookout for new clubs after becoming free agents as of 1 July. Where else could we start?  Joining Paris Saint-Germain in the summer of 2013, Cavani went on to become the club's all-time top goalscorer with 200 goals from just 301 appearances.  With PSG, he has won the league six times, while he has also won the Coupe de la Ligue five times and the Coupe de France four times.  But after seven years, he will be leaving Paris and has taken the decision to not even sign a short-term contract extension so that he can play for his side in the remaining cup games as well as the Champions League.  His wages won't come cheap but even at 33, he is one of the hardest-working classiest forwards around. Angel Gomes was once considered the future of Manchester United, with the youngster becoming the first player born in the 2000s to appear in the Premier League when he came on as a substitute in May 2017 against Crystal Palace.  However, he has struggled for minutes in the first team since then and while talks had been going on for a while regarding a new contract, Gomes rejected United's offers. As a result, the 19-year-old will leave the club he joined at the age of six - but while there are no shortage of suitors, it isn't yet clear where he will end up.  Things haven't quite gone to plan for Joe Hart at Burnley. Looking to rebuild his reputation at Turf Moor, Hart only made 24 appearances for the Clarets after joining in August 2018, conceding 48 goals in this time and keeping just six clean sheets.  In 2019/20, Hart failed to make a single appearance in the Premier League, instead starting just two FA Cup games and one EFL Cup match.  With Burnley not taking up the option to get Hart to sign a short-term extension, the free agent is now being linked with a number of clubs in England.  It was a very sour ending to Ryan Fraser's Bournemouth career, with the winger keen to move on and deciding not to sign a short-term extension to help his side in their fight against relegation.  Fraser was linked with a move away last summer after a very impressive 2018/19 campaign in which he bagged eight goals and provided 15 assists in all competitions. However, he hasn't been able to replicate that this season, managing just the one goal and four assists.  Nonetheless, interest in him remains high, with a source confirming to 90min in March that Arsenal, Tottenham and Everton were all monitoring his situation.  Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc confirmed in May that Gotze will be leaving Dortmund when his contract expires after the player and club came to an agreement.  Often mentioned as the World Cup final goalscorer who was expected to achieve greatness but hasn't delivered, it is worth remembering that Gotze has needed to contend with a number of matters off the pitch.  He leaves Dortmund having made 219 appearances, and having scored a not unimpressive 45 goals and provided 61 assists.   4 years done at Burnley. I   ve said my goodbyes to the players and staff already but just a thank you to the fans. It   s been a good few years with some memorable results. Finishing 7th with a little club like Burnley as they say was something else. The crowd noise don   t go unnoticed and it really helps push the lads on so keep it up. You have a great group of lads representing your club so keep being their 12th man and help them in the last few games and next year. I can   t speak highly enough of the lads there, they deserve nothing but praise for their efforts week in week out. Cheers. Goodbye and thanks again A post shared by  Jeff Hendrick (@jeff13hendrick) on Jun 30, 2020 at 2:46pm PDT Burnley boss Sean Dyche wasn't pleased with the fact that his board weren't able to reach an agreement with the likes of Jeff Hendrick with regards to short-term contract extensions.  After four years at Burnley and 139 appearances, Hendrick has left the club. Most notably (and most bizarrely), Hendrick has been linked with a move abroad - specifically to Milan.    West Ham confirmed that along with Pablo Zabaleta and Carlos Sanchez, talented youngster Jeremy Ngakia would also be leaving the club on 30 June after failing to agree a new contract or a short-term extension.  The right-back has a very bright career ahead of him, but clearly he and his representatives came to the conclusion that his development would be aided by a move away from east London. Now a free agent, a number of clubs will be battling for his signature.  It's fair to say Nathaniel Clyne has struggled with injuries during his five-year spell with Liverpool. The right-back actually made 52 appearances in all competitions during his first season at the club. However, since then, he has only managed to make a further 51 appearances with the rise of Trent Alexander-Arnold pushing him further out of the picture.  Still just 29, the man Jurgen Klopp once saw as a 'machine' will now be looking to rebuild his career elsewhere.  Malang Sarr:- 21 years old - Centre back - Over 100 appearances in the French top Division- Left footed- Can also be played at left back - Most importantly, available for free   Would be a great back up. We should be all over this pic.twitter.com/XPUPwztUh6 Malang Sarr decided against signing a new deal with Nice after a frustrating 2019/20 season in which he spent time filling in at left back.  The versatile 21-year-old should be on the wishlists of numerous clubs around Europe as he has all the qualities to become a top defender. Equally, of course, any potential suitors would be able to snap him up on a free transfer, which will only increase the interest in him. Sarr has been linked with Arsenal and Manchester City among numerous other top sides recently, and it's clear to see why. 