It's January, and for Barcelona, that means dipping their toe into the transfer market to bring in a weird new striker. It's tradition. Barcelona love leaving eyebrows raised with their transfer business. Martin Braithwaite and Kevin Prince-Boateng were the last two emergency strikers, and manager Ronald Koeman has made it clear he wants Barca to get looking for someone new again. Let's take a look at who he could go for. An obvious place to start.Koeman wants to sign Lyon hitman Memphis Depay, who has six months left on his contract and is likely to walk away for free at the end of the season. It makes sense to start with him.He's one of Ligue 1's top scorers this season and he's led Lyon to the top of the table, but for the right price, the French side might be tempted to sell. Valencia are in free-fall. They're flirting with relegation and might be forced to sell some players in January to balance the books, and Barcelona could look to take advantage of that.Among Valencia's most valuable assets is striker Maxi Gomez, who has a good track record of scoring goals in the Spanish top flight - something Barcelona are usually keen for their emergency recruits to have.The 24-year-old might be a little expensive, but he would offer some much-needed cover for a good few years at least. Sticking with the bottom of La Liga, Barcelona could return to their old ways and leave the league's poorest team stranded without their top scorer.Huesca look in real trouble this season. Loanee Rafa Mir is trying his best to keep them afloat, but Barcelona will be licking their lips at the prospect of signing the Wolves man and leaving Huesca to drown.Do Wolves want to sell? Probably not. Can Barcelona's desire to kil all other teams be stopped? Absolutely not. One of the most famous strikers in the history of the Premier League, Steven Caulker could solve more than a few problems for Barcelona.The 29-year-old Alanyaspor forward has managed two goals and one assist this season, so he could help out in attack, but perhaps more importantly, he could fill in at the back when required.During his time with Liverpool, we saw Caulker fit in perfectly out of position at centre-back on his debut against Arsenal. That's how the story went, right? Instead of wasting everyone's time by signing some obscure striker, why not go all-out and actually prepare yourselves for the future for once?PSV Eindhoven's Donyell Malen is just waiting for his big move, and Barcelona are known to be fans of the 21-year-old's performances in the Eredivisie.If Barca sign Malen now, they will be sorted at striker for the next decade. The right decision doesn't always get approved in the Camp Nou boardroom, but maybe this is the time. Have you seen this guy? Luis Suarez, I think he's called. He's scoring goals for fun with Atletico Madrid.If you want a striker with La Liga experience, he's the best bet. He's managed over 150 goals in the competition throughout his career, most of which came for...oh. Girona striker Cristhian Stuani is usually on Barcelona's radar at this time of year.He bagged 40 goals in his last two seasons in La Liga, so he knows how to get the job done in Spain, but he's also dirt cheap because he's 34 and now playing in the second tier.Stuani is the ideal short-term signing, so don't be surprised to see links to the Uruguay international return.