Rasmus Hojlund has insisted he has not been in contact with Manchester United, though he is flattered by their interest. 90min recently reported that the young Dane is on the Red Devils' shortlist of striker targets for the summer transfer window. His club, Atalanta, would be open to selling Hojlund, but only for a fee north of    65m ( £55m). The Serie A side paid just    17m to sign the forward from Sturm Graz last summer. Hojlund, who is currently on international duty with Denmark, was asked on Monday about reports that he has had a video call with Man Utd manager Erik ten Hag to discuss a potential move to Old Trafford. "There has been no video call. I can't say anything about that." he told Danish publication Berlingske. "It's a huge club, so I must have done something right if it says they want me. My goal is to reach the top shelf, and you can say that Manchester United is. So it will be huge." feed In further quotes relayed by Tipsbladet, Hojlund added: "As you see and hear, I imagine a lot could happen to quite a few strikers this summer, as many clubs are looking for a No.9. Something will definitely happen there, and then we   ll have to wait and see if I am included in it.  "I am very happy to be with Atalanta and we have qualified for Europe. I have found myself in a really good place here, so now we have to wait and see. Hojlund only turned 20 in February but has quickly announced himself as one of Europe's top up-and-coming strikers. He scored 10 goals in 34 games across all competitions during his debut season with Atalanta, while he has already grabbed five goals in four games for Denmark's senior side. 90min understands that Man Utd are hoping to bring in two strikers this summer - ideally one in their prime and another younger option. Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen, Lautaro Martinez and Dusan Vlahovic are targets to fill the role of the experienced forward, while Hojlund, Evan Ferguson, Santiago Gimenez and Goncalo Ramos are seen as youthful candidates.