The agent of Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has confirmed the Egyptian has no plans to listen to interest from Saudi Arabia. Rumours emerged over the weekend suggesting Salah was being lined up as the next superstar target of the Saudi Pro League, with champions Al Ittihad reported to have offered the 31-year-old a contract worth a cool  £155m. A  £52m transfer fee was also slated to be offered to Liverpool, who sold midfielder Fabinho to the same Saudi side earlier this window. In response, Salah's agent has publicly confirmed there are no plans to leave Liverpool this summer. "If we considered leaving LFC this year, we wouldn   t have renewed the contract last summer," Ramy Abbas Issa wrote on Twitter. "Mohamed remains committed to LFC." If we considered leaving LFC this year, we wouldn   t have renewed the contract last summer. Mohamed remains committed to LFC. 90min understands there has been and remains interest from the Saudi Pro League in Salah. There have been enquiries, although the Liverpool star has primarily always been considered a target for 2024 or beyond, rather than necessarily this year. It means the matter isn't likely to be closed. feed Salah, whose Liverpool contract still has two years left to run, has played plenty of minutes in pre-season, currently sits sixth on the Reds' all-time scoring charts and was recently tipped to climb even higher in the standings by current record holder Ian Rush. "I speak a lot to Mo Salah," Rush told Prothom Alo. "Mo keeps saying, 'why did you score so many goals?'. He is thinking he might break my record. "He would have to be there a good few more years if he is going to break that record. He plays a bit more of a wide role now. I don't think he has scored as many goals but I think he made just as many assists this year. "He has become more of a team player. A couple of years ago, he was maybe being a little selfish. But in the last two years, he has become more of a team player. And I think he is making just as many assists as he is scoring goals. "Good luck to him. If he does it, he does it. I don't care as long as he is winning things. There is no point doing that if you are not winning trophies. He can have that as long as they win a trophy."