West Ham United have agreed to sell Gianluca Scamacca to Atalanta in a deal worth    30m ( £26m), sources have confirmed to 90min. The 24-year-old was one of the Hammers' marquee signings last summer, alongside Lucas Paqueta, but it was quickly apparent that a change in playing style would be needed to get the best out of the Italian. Injury complaints didn't help Scamacca in trying to settle in London, and he was unable to command a regular starting spot despite costing David Moyes and West Ham in excess of  £30m when joining from Sassuolo. Scamacca scored eight goals in all competitions from 27 appearances, but crucially netted just three times in the Premier League for West Ham, who laboured to 20 defeats from their 38 league games but did end their 43-year trophy drought by winning the Conference League. 90min revealed in early June that Roma had shown an interest in taking Scamacca back to Serie A, with the player showing a desire to return to his homeland. Jose Mourinho's side were unable to fund a permanent deal, however, and were instead looking to conclude a loan with option or obligation to buy. Inter also made a bid for Scamacca but sources have confirmed to 90min it's Atalanta who have agreed a deal with West Ham. feed Last season's Europa League quarter-finalists will pay a guaranteed    25m ( £21.6m) for Scamacca, with a further    5m in achievable add-ons included into the deal, and are set to partner him up with AC Milan's Charles De Ketelaere, who is nearing a loan move with option to buy. 90min understands that Scamacca is already en route to complete a medical, ending his stay in east London after just a year of the five he committed to little over 12 months ago. Scamacca's exit is another blow to a West Ham side who are yet to make a senior signing this summer - they are the only Premier League club who haven't - amid disagreements between Moyes and new technical director Tim Steidten over how to replace Declan Rice, who joined Arsenal earlier this summer in a British-record  £105m deal. West Ham are also yet to appoint a new club captain, even though the new Premier League season gets underway in six days when newly-promoted Burnley take on Manchester City.