The 2022 summer transfer window is gearing up to be one of the most memorable of all time. There are heaps of top players out of contract and with the effects of the coronavirus pandemic still being felt by many top clubs, transfer fees are out of fashion. There's bound to be lots of moving and shaking. If you are struggling to keep track of all the players who might be on the move, we don't blame you. Here are some of the top stars who could be snatched on bargain deals next season. All the noise coming out of Paris Saint-Germain suggests that Kylian Mbappe will not be extending his deal.Barring a dramatic last-minute twist, Real Madrid will be the ones securing Mbappe's signature. Paul Pogba must be sick to death of people discussing his future. The bad news is things are only getting started.Real and PSG are long time admirers, as are former club Juventus. Could he even be tempted to stay at Old Trafford? Paulo Dybala has been linked with a move away from Juventus for an eternity.This summer, the prophecy will finally be realised with Juve confirming his departure in March. United have been perennially mentioned as a possible destination but they will not be the only club interested. Now 24, Ousmane Dembele needs to start consistently producing to avoid being pigeonholed as a player who came nowhere close to fulfilling their potential.Barcelona were keen to tie him down to a new deal in January but talks broke down. Despite this, don't be surprised if they make a last-ditch attempt to keep him. Franck Kessie appeared in the Champions League for the first time ever after he helped Milan secure an impressive second-placed Serie A finish last season.This put him in the shop window ahead of a potential move, with Barcelona very close to confirming his arrival. Andrea Belotti has shown remarkable loyalty to Torino over the years, but as he approaches his 30s he will be acutely aware that time is running out for him to secure a high-profile move.There would be no shortage of suitors, with Belotti notching double figures goals in each of his past six Serie A seasons. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel seems to be a fan of Andreas Christensen - but as of yet he has not got around to extending his contract.Barcelona are prowling and the Blues are pretty resigned to losing the Dane at this point. Christensen is not the only Chelsea defender with an uncertain future. Antonio Rudiger's deal is also expiring.Like Christensen, Tuchel seems to be a fan of his fellow German but for now he seems set to be snapped up on a free at the end of the season. Alexandre Lacazette's recent upturn in form could convince Arsenal to stop him from walking away for free in the summer.If not, former club Lyon and Newcastle could be interested. Prior to his loan move to West Ham last January, the idea of Jesse Lingard getting a new Manchester United contract was farcical.After seriously impressing in east London, though, Lingard might just have a future at Old Trafford     depending on their managerial situation. Even if he doesn't sign a new deal, there will be a long queue of clubs trying to secure his signature next summer. Who knows what Gareth Bale will get up to when his Real deal expires.Join the PGA Tour - 10/1. Have a very relaxing time at Cardiff City - 8/1. Retire from club football and focus on Wales - Evens. Isco has been a bit-part player for some time at the Santiago Bernabeu.Real's break from spending did not even help him get more minutes this term and he is expected to leave at the end of the season. Sergi Roberto is among a long list of players on the chopping block at Barcelona and seems likely to depart at the end of his contract. At a club as dominant as Bayern there are always bound to be one or two players lost in the shuffle.This has often been the case for Corentin Tolisso and he will likely fancy moving somewhere where he can be top dog.  Federico Bernardeschi's days at Juventus could be numbered. We're not sure about you, but he feels a bit Spurs-y in our opinion. Cracks are starting to show in the once rock-solid Mats Hummels. He is not finished though and could make a tidy addition should Dortmund choose to start their inevitable post-Erling Haaland rebuild without him.  Luka Modric will be closing in on 37 when his Real contract expires, but the Ballon d'Or winner definitely has a few more years left in the tank at the top level.Real would like to keep him around too.  Matthias Ginter has established himself as one of the Bundesliga's most reliable centre-backs over the past few years. With his contract up in the summer, several European clubs will be sniffing around but they may as well not bother. We all know he's ending up at Bayern Munich. James Tarkowski has been keen on a fresh challenge for some time and with his Burnley contract expiring soon, he might finally get his wish.Long-term suitors Leicester City might be tempted, but they have signed Jannik Vestergaard recently.  Inter seem to have won the race for Andre Onana as they search for Samir Handanovic's long-term successor.  He may have missed out on a Premier League move in summer 2021, but Boubacar Kamara will have no shortage of interested clubs when his contract expires in 2022.A dynamic and relentless ball-winner whose passing is impressive too, the 22-year-old has all the skills to excel at the top level. Luis Suarez proved he still has plenty to give during the 2020/21 season as his goals fired Atletico Madrid to an unlikely La Liga title. However, his scoring has tailed off badly this term. Will he still have enough in the tank for the 2022/23 season? Time will tell. Angel Di Maria is part of a stacked forward line at Paris Saint-Germain and his chances of securing regular minutes during the 2022/23 season are remote.He is not getting any younger either and may favour a move in the summer.  Barcelona will be hoping it's second time lucky for them and Ajax right-backs.With Sergino Dest failing to impress, Noussair Mazraoui is seemingly on his way to Camp Nou. Christian Eriksen only signed a short-term deal until the end of the season at Brentford.Should he keep on impressing, the Bees will face stiff competition to keep hold of the midfielder. Edinson Cavani was on a roll at the end of the 2020/21 season but injuries and increased competition for places have limited his influence this campaign.He may be 35 now, but he can still contribute at the top level.  The days of Marcelo being the best left-back on the planet have sadly come and gone.A return to his homeland with Fluminense looks most likely. Called up to the Italian national team in March, Brazil-born Luiz Felipe could be on his way out of Lazio at the end of the season.There are several top clubs on the lookout for a new defender this summer and he could fit the bill.