Kylian Mbappe has been rated as having a    50/50    chance of signing a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain and staying at the club beyond this season. Mbappe is out of contract at PSG in the summer of 2022, which makes PSG vulnerable to losing him on a free transfer if talks over a new deal are not progressing and they do not sell him this year. The 2018 World Cup winner has been quite open about the fact that he is weighing up his options ahead of next season and would only sign a new contract with PSG if he sees his long-term future with them. While insisting he has always been happy in Paris, Mbappe said in January:    I will need to make a decision soon but I am thinking about it. I don't want to sign a contract and say a year later that I want to leave. If I sign it is to stay and that deserves time to reflect on my decision.    Almost three months on, the Daily Telegraph reports that Mbappe is continuing to resist signing a new PSG contract. Unlike Neymar, talks over a new deal haven   t progressed, his likelihood of staying is only rated at 50/50 and there is said to be    genuine concern    that he wants to leave. There is known to be long-term mutual admiration between Mbappe and Real Madrid, but Spanish outlet Cuatro takes it further and claims that the player has already decided that he will not be renewing his contract at PSG and wants to join Los Blancos. If there remains no progress on the contract talks in Paris over the coming weeks, PSG will have little option but to start listening to offers for Mbappe, who has scored over 30 goals in all competitions for the third season in a row and 122 in total since leaving Monaco in 2017. In France, reporter Mohamed Bouhafsi has claimed that the Spanish media   s stories on the Mbappe saga are carried away, insisting that Mbappe has so far not informed PSG of any desire to join Real. If it reaches the stages where negotiations between Real and PSG do begin, it stands to be one of the most expensive transfers in history. 90min has previously reported that PSG would ideally like a world record fee in excess of the    222m they paid for Neymar. However, they could be persuaded into accepting a lower offer of around    175m, which would still be the third biggest of all time. A post shared by 90min (@90min_football) Crucially for Real, not all of the money would need to be paid up front and any payment structure could be staggered over several years, while Eden Hazard is a player they would be willing to include in the negotiations and one that PSG also admire.