Manchester United are progressing in talks over new contracts for a number of first team players, as Erik ten Hag looks to build on his outstanding progress since taking charge at Old Trafford. United are third in the Premier League table and just five points behind leaders Arsenal, who later this week face a crunch battle against second-placed Manchester City, and have an outside chance of competing for the title if form continues in Ten Hag's debut season. The Dutchman's side are the only team in Europe competing on four fronts, and play Barcelona in the Europa League later this week with a trip to Wembley also on the horizon against Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final later this month. Competing in every competition United play is something Ten Hag has continually stressed he would like his team to do, and progress has been underpinned by improvements in performance made by a number of individuals with some doubt hanging over their long-term futures. Marcus Rashford, Diogo Dalot and Luke Shaw all recently saw one-year extensions triggered in their existing deals, with each of their contracts now expiring in 2024. United are working on long-term extensions for all three players, who have become crucial first team players under Ten Hag, and 90min understands that agreements will be reached in due course. Rashford finally looks to have matured into the forward he has long promised he could be come working alongside Ten Hag and his coaching staff this season, and headed a crucial opener in the win over Leeds on Sunday. The England international has scored 21 goals in all competitions so far this season, also boasting 29 goal involvements in 34 matches. Sources from inside United have continually indicated Rashford is due a substantial pay rise following his performances so far this campaign. United are delighted with the 25-year-old's progress and Ten Hag has consistently stated his pleasure to work alongisde him publicly. Watch 90min's Gas Tank as  Harry Symeou,  Scott Saunders,  Grizz Khan  &  Hunter Godson  digest Manchester City closing the gap on Arsenal & a weekend of shocking decisions from VAR. If you can't see this embed, click  here  to watch the video! Talks over Rashford's deal are advancing, while Ten Hag sees Dalot as an important part of the squad in the future and the club are getting closer to tying him down too. Ten Hag has also signed off an extension for Shaw, who is playing some of the best football of his career at present and shown himself so far this term to be a more than competent left centre back - though he provided the assist from left back for Rashford's opener at Leeds. Premier League rivals Chelsea, the club Shaw supported as a boy, have been mooted as potential suitors should a departure become more likely - though United are ready to extend the 27-year-old's spell beyond the ten-year mark.