It's fair to say Carlos Tevez has had an interesting career. Trophy-laden? Yes. Full of goals? Yes. Managed to fall out with just about everyone he's ever spent longer than five minutes with? Also yes. The former Premier League star is currently plying his trade at Boca Juniors - his third spell with the current Argentine champions no less - but could soon be on his way out of the club he made his senior debut with back in 2001. Tevez is rumoured to be considering a move to MLS - presumably because America is the only part of the world where he's not fallen out with anyone yet - so with that in mind, 90min takes a look at the MLS clubs best suited to the diminutive forward. Tevez was linked with a move to LA Galaxy prior to his third spell with Boca Juniors, and depending on the Argentine's ambitions it might actually make a lot of sense.LA Galaxy have attracted a whole host of big-names to the club over the years, and while some have chosen to retire there, Zlatan Ibrahimovic effectively reignited his career.The Swedish forward scored goals for fun in MLS and eventually secured a move back to Milan. If Tevez does choose to move to America he'll be at a very similar age to Ibrahimovic when he made the switch, and depending what his future goals are it could prove to be a route back into European football.Suitability rating: 5/10 Austin FC have a growing contingent of South American players - including Tevez's former Boca teammate and countryman Tomas Pochettino - so a move there would make a lot of sense.Having been founded little over two years ago, the club are in need of a star and the Argentine forward could be just the man.If Tevez still has the desire to become the catalyst at a club looking to embark on a huge project, there aren't many better options in MLS right now than Austin FC.Suitability rating: 6/10 Speaking of projects. Well, who wouldn't want to move there?Inter Miami seem-hell bent on attracting some of European football's biggest names to the club as they look to send out a statement of intent to MLS.With the likes of Blaise Matuidi and Gonzalo Higuain already on their roster - both former Juventus players like Tevez - they've made a pretty decent start, and Tevez would be another feather in the cap of a club looking for rapid growth.The publicity that comes with playing for a side co-owned by David Beckham would suit a man who seems to enjoy the limelight and he's likely to earn a few quid as well.Suitability rating: 6/10