Wolves have confirmed the arrival of Nelson Semedo from Barcelona for an initial    30m, with the right-back penning a deal until 2023 - although the club will have the option to extend his contract until 2025.  Semedo featured 42 times in all competitions for Bar  a last season, but he has been unable to hold down the right-back slot during his time with the club. And with La Blaugrana in need of raising funds this summer, the 26-year-old had been linked with a number of clubs.  Welcome to Wolves, @_nelsonsemedo_!      ? But it is Wolves who have won the race for his signature, with the club confirming the news on their official website. The Portugal international has signed a contract until the summer of 2023, with the option to extend the deal by a further two years.  Barcelona have also confirmed his departure on their official website. stating that the Premier League outfit will pay an initial    30m - but this could rise to as much as    40m with add-ons. Speaking after the news had been confirmed, Wolves chairman Jeff Shi told the club's website:       Progressive at heart    is one of our core values at Wolves. For a member of staff, for a player, for the whole club, we are all making great efforts to progress continuously. Last night at Molineux...      ? pic.twitter.com/Iudr99aLXd    It   s isn   t often that we have the opportunity to sign a world-class player from a world-class club. Nelson   s signing shows we will never stop progressing and we are still hungry and humble in our heart.    Explaining why he chose Wolves, Semedo told the club's website: "I chose Wolves because it   s a very good team that plays very good football. Last year they did a very good season and it   s a very important team in England, in also Europe. I hope this year we can do very good things.    Coach Nuno is a very good coach. He did very good things here in Wolves, and in other teams too. For sure I   m going to learn a lot from him.    The team did very good things the last three years. I   m ambitious and I hope this year we can do very good things, reach the top six and, if it   s possible, do something special. I   m very happy to be here. I   m excited to get started and thank you very much for your support and we   re going to enjoy it together.   