Manchester United have held discussions with Ajax over potential deals for both Antony and Lisandro Martinez, though the Dutch champions are looking for at least    120m for the pair. 90min has reported on United's interest in Antony since February, though efforts to sign the Brazilian winger have intensified since the club appointed Erik ten Hag as manager.  Ten Hag is targeting central midfield as his first priority to strengthen - with a deal for Barcelona's Frenkie de Jong edging closer - while the club are hopeful of convincing Christian Eriksen to join them on a free transfer. Ten Hag, though, would also like to sign an attacker.  Antony has now emerged as United's chief target in the final third, and the club have spoken to Ajax over potentially bringing the 22-year-old to England. Ajax, though, have agreed to sell Sebastien Haller to Borussia Dortmund and Ryan Gravenberch has joined Bayern Munich - meaning they do not need to sell and are prepared to demand high prices for any other outgoings. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Newcastle's decision to pull out of a deal for Hugo Ekitike and offer the latest on Arsenal's pursuit of Gabriel Jesus. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Ajax are holding out for as much as  £70m for Antony, though the player is pushing hard to move to United and reunite with the manager that brought him to Europe. United value Antony at a much lower fee and are hopeful the player's desire will help convince Ajax to lower their demands. United are also looking for a new centre half, and have turned their attention to Martinez having now accepted that Jurrien Timber, another Ajax player and an initial target, will not be leaving Amsterdam this summer. Arsenal are also interested in Martinez and have made two offers of their own - the latest being around  £34m - as they look to strengthen with a player able to play in central defence, defensive midfield and at left-back. Martinez has informed Ajax he would like to leave the club this summer.