Exclusive - Napoli are prepared to lower their asking price for centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly, who is wanted by a number of the Premier League's top sides. Notoriously tough negotiators, Napoli had been adamant that Koulibaly's value would not be affected by the coronavirus outbreak, slapping a price tag of  £120m on the Senegal international's head. Unsurprisingly, that was an issue for all suitors. Not only is money tight as a result of the current climate, but the fact that Koulibaly will turn 29 on Saturday means that he would come with little resale value. However, after seeing the interest in Koulibaly drop, sources have confirmed to 90min that Napoli have made it clear they would be flexible in negotiations, with a fee of around  £75m now thought to be enough to get a deal done. Club president Aurelio De Laurentiis issued a cry of defiance to Corriere dello Sport, insisting: "If City or United or PSG showed up with    100m ( £90m), I would think about it and it is probable that he would leave if his will was to leave.  I don't even consider an offer of    60m ( £54m).  I am solid.  I don't owe anyone s**t".  Grande partita, qualificazione meritata: andiamo in finale ?? Bon match, qualification bien m  rit  e: on va    la finale ?? Great match, well-deserved qualification: we're in the final ?? ?? #coppaitalia #NapoliInter 1-1 #KK #ForzaNapoliSempre ? A post shared by  Kalidou Koulibaly (@kkoulibaly26) on Jun 13, 2020 at 3:02pm PDT Koulibaly has tasked his representatives with exploring a move to the Premier League, and Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea have all informed Napoli that they are interested in doing business. The English sides are also expected to face competition from long-term admirers Paris Saint-Germain, who recently confirmed that veteran Thiago Silva will walk away from the club once the Champions League comes to an end this summer. That exit could encourage PSG to make a move for Koulibaly, and given the financial muscle of the Ligue 1 champions, meeting his asking price is not expected to be a major concern. Injuries have restricted Koulibaly to just 15 Serie A appearances this season, but after football's long suspension, the towering defender made his return to the team for Saturday's Coppa Italia semi-final second leg against Inter.