Welcome to 90min's rolling transfer news blog this Tuesday - where you can keep up to date with all the goings on across Europe as we enter the final week of the January window. As has become the case with the mid-season transfer window in recent seasons, although rumours have been rife, there has been relatively little activity to this point. However, there is a sense that things are building to a crescendo, with some of the biggest names to have been regulars in the rumour mill finally nearing moves to new clubs. On Monday, Man Utd duo Anthony Martial and Jesse Lingard were back in the headlines, while there was a big update on coveted Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic. There are likely to be flurries of activity at Tottenham and Newcastle too, with both clubs looking to have a minor overhaul of their squads before the deadline on Monday night. We'll have all the latest news as it happens. You can keep across everything in the live blog below... That's the end of Tuesday's fun here at 90min towers, but never fear, we're just a few hours away from doing it all over again. Stay tuned tomorrow morning for the next live blog. The transfer window's getting juicy now, so you won't want to miss a thing. As well as Kessie, Catalunya Radio reckon Barcelona are also going to land Cesar Azpilicueta on a free transfer this summer.  90min reported earlier today that Chelsea are fearful of losing all three of Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger. ? OH YES! ??????? to #SevillaFC, @AnthonyMartial! ?? Here we are, the deal we've been waiting for today. Anthony Martial has joined Sevilla! Barcelona have struck a deal to sign AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie upon the expiry of his contract in the summer, per Gianluigi Longari. Nothing is official yet but Kessie has given the green light to a switch to Camp Nou. Sources have now confirmed to 90min that Newcastle have moved for Guimareas, but there are concerns over whether he actually wants to make the move or not. You can read more about that here. Newcastle have submitted a bid for Lyon midfielder Bruno Guimaraes, who is also on the radars of Arsenal and Juventus. The bid is said to be worth around  £35m and Guimaraes has been offered enormous wages to make the move to St James' Park. The battle for Dele Alli is heating up, The latest is from the Daily Mail, who add Brighton to the list of teams eyeing a loan deal for the Tottenham man. Jesse Lingard feels as though he has been disrespected by Man Utd over their refusal to let him go, say The Telegraph. Lingard wants to join Newcastle but isn't convinced United will play ball and fears he will spend the next six months starved of action on the bench. 90min understands that Sevilla have ended Newcastle's hopes of landing centre-back Diego Carlos this month. You can read about that here. PSG are struggling to offload the player needed to bring in Tanguy Ndombele, and Le Parisien believe the move could break down. His salary is simply too high and PSG are struggling to find a way to make the numbers work. William Saliba could force an exit from Arsenal this summer in favour of staying with Marseille. A report from La Provence claims that Saliba could remain in France if Marseille seal a spot in the Champions League next season. They're currently third in Ligue 1, so it's looking good for them. The Telegraph state that Southampton have enquired about a deal for Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli. The Saints have expressed an interest in taking Dele on loan but may have to fend off competition from Newcastle and Everton. After striking a deal for Vlahovic, Juventus have turned their attention to AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie. That's according to Mirko Calemme, who states that Juve are looking to beat Arsenal and PSG to the Ivorian's signature. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is jetting off for a meeting with owner Stan Kroenke to discuss their search for a new striker, per The Telegraph. Primary target Dusan Vlahovic is close to joining Juventus, while a final decision must be made on the future of exiled striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Mundo Deportivo claim that tonight's meeting between Ousmane Dembele and Barcelona is likely to be the last. One way or another, MD expect a final decision to be made on Dembele's future in the coming hours. Newcastle are close to agreeing a deal to sign Sassuolo left-back Rogerio da Silva, per TNT Sports. With Dusan Vlahovic getting closer to joining Juventus, Arsenal have been considering their other options. The latest man on the new shortlist, according to AS, is Espanyol's Raul de Tomas, who has 12 goals in 21 games this season. Decent. The agent of Borussia Dortmund wonderkid Youssoufa Moukoko has confessed to Bild that the 17-year-old may not sign an extension to his contract, which runs until 2023. "It's not a foregone conclusion that Youssoufa will sign a contract extension with BVB. Of course, many clubs are interested in Youssoufa, that's no secret. His contract expires in the summer of 2023, which is getting closer, and the top clubs have that on their minds. "He hardly gets the playing time he needs at the current stage of his career at Dortmund. So of course we're thinking about what's best for the future."   Telefoot state that Bayer Leverkusen winger Moussa Diaby has played his way on to Newcastle's radar. The German side aren't keen to sell, however, and would require a mammoth offer to let him go midway through the season. With Newcastle involved, never say never... Barcelona have set up a meeting with Ousmane Dembele for later this evening, according to Cope. We saw reports of Chelsea's interest in the winger earlier today but a number of clubs are keeping an eye on Dembele, who has been told he must leave Camp Nou before the end of January. Roma were expected to wait until the summer to reignite their pursuit of Arsenal's Granit Xhaka, but the Gunners' potential acquisition of Arthur could change that. If Arsenal can get Arthur, then Calciomercato reckon Roma will make one more push for Xhaka before the end of this month. Bayern Munich are no longer as desperate to sign Bayer Leverkusen star Florian Wirtz as they were, per Sport1. The Bundesliga giants fear Wirtz will be too expensive and do not want to get in a bidding war with his other suitors this summer, but they also do not want to block 16-year-old Paul Wanner's path to the first team. Marca believe Real Madrid are ahead of the competition in the chase of Palmeiras sensation Endrick. The 15-year-old is being followed by most of Europe's elite but Real believe their good relationship with Palmeiras has them leading the charge. ?? MARTIAL YA EST   EN SEVILLA? Llega CEDIDO de Manchester United.? @GonzaloTortosa pic.twitter.com/wjfFiY3mg3 Anthony Martial has touched down in Sevilla ahead of sealing his loan move from Manchester United. Tottenham have made a    45m bid for Porto sensation Luis Diaz, says Pedro Sepulveda. Spurs have given the Portuguese side 48 hours to respond before they look for a new target. Dusan Vlahovic is inching ever closer to joining Juventus, and Goal Italia have revealed what he could be set to earn. Vlahovic is set to pocket a cool  £5.8m per year after he pens a four-and-a-half-year contract in the coming weeks. Alfredo Martinez claims that Chelsea have already agreed personal terms with Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele. The Blues could wait until he becomes a free agent in the summer but have been tipped to move for him this month. Ronald Araujo has rejected Barcelona's first offer of a new contract, according to Marca. Man Utd, Chelsea and Liverpool are all keeping an eye on the Uruguay international, whose current deal has 18 months left to run. AC Milan are expected to end their pursuits of Tottenham's Japhet Tanganga and Man Utd's Eric Bailly in favour of using their remaining non-EU spot on another player. Calciomercato note that imminent signing Marko Lazetic from Serbia is expected to take up that final spot, ending Milan's chances of brining in either centre-back. According to reports in Portugal, Sporting CP midfielder Joao Palhinha could be on his way out of the club this month. Manchester United, Tottenham and Wolves (obviously) have been touted as potential destinations for the Portugal international. The 26-year-old would cost about    30m. Premier League strugglers Burnley have agreed a  £7m deal for Dinamo Zagreb midfielder Mislav Orsic. The Croatian can play out wide or through the middle. You may remember him as the lad who embarrassed Tottenham in last season's Europa League round of 16 by knocking them out with a sublime hat-trick . Burnley - who are looking to reinvest the  £25m fee they received from Newcastle for Chris Wood - had wanted Lens' Seko Fofana, but 90min understands the Frenchman wasn't keen on the move to Turf Moor. A couple of new names linked with Man Utd outcast Donny van de Beek. Crystal Palace and Valencia are both keen to take the Dutchman on loan for the rest of the season. Man Utd interim boss Ralf Rangnick is reluctant to let him leave this month. Inter's pursuit of Atalanta's Robin Gosens is moving very quickly... According to Fabrizio Romano, talks are at an advanced stage as the Nerazzurri look to tie up a deal. Looks like this will be another defender Newcastle miss out on.  Newcastle are set to pull out of a deal for Sevilla's Diego Carlos, having grown frustrated with the Spanish side moving the goalposts. The Magpies thought the fee would be    30m, but Sky Sports say Sevilla have changed that 'numerous times'. Seems Newcastle aren't in the mood to be taken advantage of or messed around just because of their newfound wealth... Lille frontman Jonathan David is another name on Arsenal's striker shortlist, with the Gunners forced to look at alternatives as main target Dusan Vlahovic is set to join Juventus. Canada international David has bagged 16 goals so far this season in a largely underwhelming Lille side. Juventus' on-loan striker Alvaro Morata is pushing for a move to Barcelona, if some reports are to be believed. With Dusan Vlahovic's imminent arrival, Morata is set to become no more than a back-up option at Juve.  As such, the Spain international has asked his agent to work on a move to Bar  a, although it may be complicated by the fact he is on loan from Atletico Madrid... Tottenham have opened talks with Fiorentina over a loan deal for out-of-favour midfielder Sofyan Amrabat, accoring to the Evening Standard. The 25-year-old is currently at the Africa Cup of Nations with Morocco and is the younger brother of former Watford forward Nordin. Antonio Conte wants to add to his midfield options, with Giovani Lo Celso, Dele Alli and Tanguy Ndombele all allowed to leave before the transfer window closes. Scudetto holders Inter want to sign Germany full-back Robin Gosens from Serie A rivals Atalanta this month. They are set to enter talks, although La Dea are reluctant to sell in January. Can I just shock you? Newcastle are interested in Gosens too. While Arsenal's prospects of signing Dusan Vlahovic look bleak, they still consider a centre-forward to be a priority this month. The Athletic say Alexander Isak of Real Sociedad and Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin are strikers they will push for before the end of the transfer window. In terms of midfielders, Ruben Neves, Tyler Adams, Douglas Luiz, and Bruno Guimaraes are of interest, but a deal for Arthur suddenly looks less likely. Ajax left-back Nicolas Tagliafico has emerged as a target for Barcelona, who are looking for competition for Jordi Alba. Marca claim the Catalan giants are in talks over a move for the Argentina international, and although the Dutch side are reluctant to sell, Tagliafico has told his agent to halt talks with any other interested parties to focus on Bar  a. Barcelona have tabled a loan offer with an option to buy the 29-year-old at the end of the season. Here's the latest on Dusan Vlahovic - look away now, Arsenal fans. Juventus have entered talks over a    60m  deal  for coveted Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic,  90min  understands. We revealed on Monday that Vlahovic had informed Fiorentina that he wants to join theirSerie ArivalsJuventus- confirming Viola fans' and president Rocco Commisso's worst fears amid bad blood over the transfer of Federico Chiesa in 2020. A source has confirmed  that Juve have now made their move for the 21-year-old, with an offer worth    60m plus bonuses prompting talks for a player valued at    70m by his current employers. You can read more right here. It had been rumoured recently that a second Premier League club had mad an offer for Sevilla's Diego Carlos, alongside Newcastle. According to reports circulating this morning, that club could well be Tottenham.  Football Insider reckon Spurs have opened talks over a deal for the Brazilian centre-back, with Giovani Lo Celso going the other way. One to keep an eye on... Barcelona contract rebel Ousmane Dembele could be priced out of a move away from Camp Nou this month. While the club have told the Frenchman he will be sold this month after failing to agree a new deal, reports in Spain suggest he will be too expensive for anyone to pick up - although it's not clear if that means his wage demands or the transfer fee. We revealed yesterday that Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic has informed the club of his desire to join their Serie A rivals Juventus - the club they specifically did not want to sell to. I'm sure has gone down really well, then. According to various reports from Italy, the Bianconeri have now made their move with a    60m plus bonuses offer for the Serbian hitman. Some go as far as to claim that the deal is done... Quick update on Anthony Martial's move to Sevilla, with things progressing quickly. 90min understands the Frenchman is set to complete his medical and Sevilla will announce the deal today. French side OGC Nice have been linked with a surprise move for Man Utd's Jesse Lingard, rivalling Newcastle for the England international. According to FootMercato, Nice - who are second in Ligue 1 - want to strengthen on the wings and manager Christophe Galtier is keen on Lingard. However, the midfielder's wages would be a major stumbling block. Manchester United striker Anthony Martial will travel to Andalusia today to secure a loan move to Sevilla. 90min understands Martial has agreed to reduce his hefty wages in order to make the deal possible.