Chelsea have confirmed they have reached an agreement to sign 16-year-old Independiente del Valle midfielder Kendry Paez, who will join the club in the summer of 2025 after his 18th birthday. Paez is widely seen as one of the most exciting prospects in South America and recently impressed at the Under-20 World Cup, racking up one goal and three assists in Ecuador's four games in the competition. Before heading off on international duty, Paez agreed a huge move to Chelsea which 90min understands could be worth up to    20m if all bonuses are met - a clear record for a player of his age - and the Blues have now confirmed the move. "Chelsea Football Club has agreed a deal to sign teenage midfielder Kendry Paez from Independiente del Valle," a statement read. "The Ecuadorian, who will join Chelsea after his 18th birthday, has already built a reputation in South America as one of the brightest and most creative young talents around, thanks to his combination of skilful dribbling along with the vision and technique to open up defences with his passing. "Paez caught the eye by finding the net on his senior debut for his club this year, becoming the youngest debutant and scorer in the Ecuadorian top flight. He has six senior appearances to his name this season in addition to making his continental debut in a 2-1 Copa Libertadores win over Corinthians at the start of May." feed Independiente del Valle have produced some of Ecuador's top talents, including Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo, and the latest gem off the line is 16-year-old midfielder Paez. An attacking midfielder who is comfortable out wide, Paez scored on his debut for the senior team in February 2023 aged just 15, and has since added to his growing reputation with a series of impressive appearances for both club and country. Paez was called up for Ecuador's Under-20 squad for this summer's World Cup, making his first appearance for the team just two weeks after his 16th birthday, and he was a standout player for his nation as they fell in the round of 16.