Ex-Juventus forward Paulo Dybala could sue his former club to make up for lost income and recover outstanding money he is still owed by the Turin giants. Dybala left Juve last summer when his contract expired, having scored 115 goals in 293 appearances over a period of seven years. Despite being linked with the likes of Barcelona, Liverpool and Manchester City, he ended up joining Roma as a free agent. It was reported last March that Juve had backtracked on a lucrative contract renewal that was all but agreed the previous October     and reported as such at the time. The reason for that appears to have been the capture of Dusan Vlahovic in January 2022 and subsequent confirmation from the club via then CEO Maurizio Arrivabene that Dybala was    no longer at the centre of the project   . The executive publicly stated at the time,    Of a technical nature, no one questioned Paulo   s skill and technical value. Then there were considerations about the length of the contract and financial considerations. We made choices.    A year on from that, there now appear to be two figures to chase Juventus for. As reported by Italian media, lawyer Luca Ferrari is alleged to have told prosecutors investigating Juventus over their finances that he will pursue    two paths    on behalf of the player:    Act both based on the failed renewal and based on the protective writings signed with the second manoeuvre.    manual It appears that Dybala is owed    3m by Juve for a second    salary manoeuvre    that has been part of the investigation looking into the club   s affairs. Corriere della Sera and La Repubblica have reported that his camp wants that money paid next month     the suggestion appears to be that if Juve don   t comply, Dybala   s lawyer will attempt to legally force them to. The other side of a potential lawsuit is to do with the apparent reneging on a new contract at the Allianz Stadium. Dybala is said to have waived the right to any privacy or nondisclosure about contract negotiations with Juventus to reveal to prosecutors that a contract worth    87m pre-tax and    46m net over five years was agreed in    in every essential element    before being withdrawn. The deal he eventually signed with Roma instead was shorter and on a much lower salary. It would appear that Dybala   s team want to try and force Juve to pay up the difference between what he is earning at Roma and what he was expecting to earn in Turin     around    50m in total.