Barcelona manager Xavi has responded to rumours linking Neymar with a sensational return to Catalonia this summer.  The Brazilian superstar has been heavily linked with a move away from current club Paris Saint-Germain, with 90min recently revealing that the Ligue 1 giants are working hard to try and move the forward on.  Signed for a world record fee of  £190m (   222m) back in 2017, Neymar has largely disappointed during his time in Ligue 1 due to a myriad of injury concerns. The 31-year-old has never played more than 22 league games in any given season during his six year spell in Paris, and has failed to win the club their first ever UEFA Champions League - being on the losing end in the 2020 final.  Neymar enjoyed a much more successful stint at Barca between 2013 and 2017, winning the Champions League and two La Liga titles as an integral member of the famed 'MSN' frontline.  In light of PSG's interest in selling the player, Neymar has inevitably been linked with a return to his former club Barcelona. 90min understands that club president Joan Laporta is keen to re-sign Neymar, however manager Xavi would prefer if the club targeted Manchester City star Bernardo Silva.  feed Speaking to the press after Barcelona's 4-2 win over Tottenham Hotspur in the Joan Gamper Trophy on Tuesday evening, Xavi was asked about the links with Neymar, saying: "I cannot say anything more about Neymar. Last year I had mentioned a name of a player from another team and that club got angry. From here until the end of the market, we will see." Xavi also commented on the need for Barca to bulk their squad further this summer, telling reporters: "We have to strengthen ourselves well. The sports area and the president know this reality. I'm happy with how our players are training and our pre-season." Barcelona are likely to face stiff competition from PIF owned Saudi Pro League clubs and potentially Newcastle United, depending on the future direction the club's owners in regards to transfer policy.