Atl  tico Madrid striker Luis Su  rez has confessed that he spent several days crying over the way Barcelona handled his exit from the club. The 33-year-old, who bagged 21 goals and 12 assists in all competitions for Barcelona last season, still had one year left on his contract heading into the summer, but he was unceremoniously pushed out the exit door after club officials decided they no longer wanted to pay his high wages. Initial talks over a contract termination broke down early on, but Atl  tico swooped in and paid a comparatively tiny transfer fee     essentially nothing, with some    2m bonus payments for meeting objectives     to bring Su  rez over to the Wanda Metropolitano. Speaking to the Uruguay Football Association after scoring in Thursday's 2-1 win over Chile, Su  rez admitted he was frustrated to leave Camp Nou, but most of his disappointment stemmed from the way Barcelona handled the situation. "I'd been with Barcelona for six years, there were other ways of talking to me, telling me that the club had planned to go in a different direction, but the way they went about it was not good and that bothered Leo [Messi] as well," Su  rez said.  "He knows what we suffered and how bad it was at that time. "Those days - Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday - until the time of my Atl  tico debut, were very complicated. I cried over what was going on.  I could not take the messages from the club that they were looking for a solution.  Because of their actions, more than anything, because you have to accept when you complete a cycle at a club." Bar  a's treatment of Su  rez was thought to be a contributing factor in Messi's decision to try and leave Camp Nou this summer. The two are incredibly close friends, and the Uruguay striker was thankful for the support of his former team-mate.    I was not surprised that  Messi  supported me publicly because I know him so well," Su  rez continued.  "I already knew the pain he felt, how he said it and how I said it.  Their actions, the feeling that they are throwing you out, that is what hurts the most." Barcelona didn't end up replacing Su  rez. The year-long pursuit of Inter's Lautaro Mart  nez ultimately broke down, prompting Ronald Koeman to push for Lyon forward Memphis Depay. The Dutch forward had agreed a move but Barcelona were forced to pull out of talks after failing to offload Ousmane Demb  l   on deadline day.