The two years in which Juventus have gone without a Serie A title feel quite a lot longer. After their chokehold on Italian football was ended by Inter in 2021, Milan won this year's title race - La Vecchia Signora didn't come close to challenging on either occasion. With key figures already leaving the Allianz Stadium, Juve are going to have to pull off some stellar transfer market moves to climb back to the top of the Italian game. Here's how they could line up for the 2022/23 season. Wojciech Szczesny's place as Juventus' starting goalkeeper isn't under immediate threat, while understudy Mattia Perin extended his contract until 2024 in recent months. Long-term backup Carlo Pinsoglio has one year left on his deal and remains a key figure in the dressing room. It's hard to understate how big a loss Giorgio Chiellini will be for Juventus both on and off the pitch, with the veteran defender heading to MLS. Due to signings in other areas, it's likely that Juventus will revert to a back-three formation next season, though they are currently lacking depth at the back. Leonardo Bonucci, Matthijs de Ligt and Daniele Rugani are their remaining natural centre-backs, though Danilo is likely to help out when necessary. At full-back, Luca Pellegrini made great strides last season and Nahuel Molina is expected to sign from Udinese. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. Juventus believe that a deal to bring Paul Pogba back on a free transfer is all but official, bringing some much needed quality back to their midfield (any move that drops Adrien Rabiot down the pecking order is a win). Denis Zakaria impressed in the minutes he was given after his January arrival from Borussia Monchengladbach and should benefit from a full pre-season. Manuel Locatelli's defensive solidity could come in handy given the number of offensive-minded midfielders that will be in Juve's ranks. Arthur Melo and Weston McKennie have been linked with moves away from Turin. Juventus remain locked in talks for Eintracht Frankfurt wide man Filip Kostic, who would facilitate Massimiliano Allegri's move to a back-three. Expect him and Juan Cuadrado to act as natural wingers. Paulo Dybala has announced that he is leaving Juventus after seven years of service at the Allianz Stadium, and it seems as though they won't directly replace him. I Bianconeri are also closing in on the free signing of Angel Di Maria from PSG, though he is a different sort of option to La Joya. One of Allegri's priorities will be getting the best out of Dusan Vlahovic after his form tailed off towards the end of last season. Juve are trying to negotiate a fee lower than originally agreed for Alvaro Morata following his two-year loan from Atletico Madrid, but they have an obligation to buy Moise Kean after his loan from Everton.