Manchester United insist they will fight to keep Cristiano Ronaldo at the club for the remainder of his contract despite the player's desire to leave, 90min understands. Ronaldo has made it clear to United recently that he wishes to be given the opportunity to leave Old Trafford a year after returning if a suitable offer is made, and his position has taken the club and new manager Erik ten Hag by surprise. Ten Hag - and even Ronaldo himself last month - had both admitted they were excited to work together following the arrival of the Dutchman from Ajax. But Ronaldo is not convinced United are in a position to compete for major trophies and at 37, would like to play in the Champions League for the remaining years of his career in Europe. United are unhappy with the situation and are showing no signs as it stands of being willing to let Ronaldo go. The club plan to keep him and will arrange for Ten Hag and Ronaldo to hold a conversation about future plans. The pair have not yet met face to face, however, with Ronaldo the only member of the entire United squad yet to report back for pre-season training at Carrington. Ronaldo has been excused by the club for family reasons and will not be present on Tuesday this week either - and doubt is growing over his presence on the club's pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia. United leave on Friday. United do not want to deviate from their plan for the current transfer window. Deals for Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen are all but wrapped up - the latter is due for a medical this week - while they remain hopeful over deals for Lisandro Martinez and primary summer target Frenkie de Jong.  Ajax forward Antony has been made their first choice attacking target after missing out to Liverpool on Darwin Nunez. Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes is however spreading the word over his desire to leave. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly is interested in bringing Ronaldo to London following his takeover of the club, though it remains to be seen how manager Thomas Tuchel would react to the prospect of Ronaldo joining. Bayern Munich remain at risk of losing Robert Lewandowski and would need a new striker if they sanction his departure - he wishes to join Barcelona - though Boehly's Chelsea are intrigued by the prospect of signing the Polish superstar too should a move to Catalonia fail to materialise.