Once a giant of European football, it's been one hell of a fall from grace for Milan.  The Rossoneri haven't managed a finish higher than fifth place since 2012/13, and haven't won Serie A since 2010/11, which is quite simply unacceptable for a club of their size.  In recent years, Milan have closely resembled Italian counterparts Ferrari over in Formula 1, who look equally as slow and outdated, and also find themselves fighting to stay anywhere near the big hitters at the top of their respective table. After a managerial and ownership merry-go-round in recent years, Milan have actually found some stability and possess a spine of talent in their squad, while sticking by current manager Stefano Pioli. The issue is, however, there's still a lot of deadwood everywhere else in the squad. Despite the efforts of a returning Zlatan Ibrahimovic last season, Milan could only finish sixth in Serie A. And with city rivals Inter on the up with Antonio Conte in charge - finishing runners up in both the league and the Europa League - something has to be done to restore former glories. Here's who Milan should look to sell ahead of the 2020/21 season... With Milan strapped for cash but also keen on strengthening their squad, player sales are the only real way of funding their transfer exploits.Laxalt has been largely seen as a rotation option since signing for Milan in 2018 and spent last season on loan at Torino. He doesn't seem to be in Pioli's plans for the future and thus should be moved on swiftly.Potential Destination: Lokomotiv MoscowPotential Price:  £8-12m Krunic only joined Milan last season, but has failed to break into the starting XI. He managed just 18 appearances in all competitions last season and is another player who Milan are willing to cut their losses on.Their incoherent transfer strategy is a reminder of the poor condition that the club is in, unfortunately. However, if Pioli sees no future for the 26-year-old, it makes sense to raise as much funding as they can through his sale.There is interest in Krunic from Italy and Germany, thus a move is doable.Potential Destinations: Freiburg, TorinoPotential Price:  £7-10m Reports suggest that Milan are in the market for a new starting right back, with Andrea Conti filling that role in the meantime. In order to raise funds for that signing, however, they need to move someone on.Calabria has been the subject of interest from clubs in Spain wanting a loan deal, but a permanent transfer would be best for all parties. The Rossoneri need the money, and Calabria - just 23 - needs a permanent home to find his feet.The Italian made 27 appearances in all competitions last season, but clearly hasn't done enough to impress and make the spot his own.Potential Destinations: Real Betis, SevillaPotential Price:  £13-16m