Kylian Mbappe will have to force his way out of Paris Saint-Germain for a reasonable transfer fee if he is to complete a move to Real Madrid this summer, 90min understands. The 24-year-old has informed PSG he will not be signing a new contract or activating an extension clause to take his current deal beyond 2024. The French champions have been stunned by this choice - reports from France even state they were confused by Mbappe's decision to write them a letter explaining his decision - and they face the prospect of letting him leave for free next year or selling him this summer. PSG have already lost Lionel Messi to Inter Miami on a free transfer, while Neymar's future at Parc des Princes is also uncertain amid interest from Saudi Arabia. Mbappe nearly joined Real Madrid as a free agent in 2022 before deciding to stay at PSG, which came as a huge shock to Los Blancos. Sources have told 90min that Real Madrid want to assess Mbappe's situation this summer a little more before making a decision. feed Reports across Europe have already claimed that PSG could command a nine-figure fee for Mbappe and 90min understands Real Madrid are reluctant to get into such a transfer war. Following Karim Benzema's departure to Saudi Pro League champions Al Ittihad, Real Madrid are on the hunt for a new centre forward, with Harry Kane, Lautaro Martinez and Dusan Vlahovic among their targets. 90min understands that Real Madrid would be comfortable prioritising a move for a natural number nine, though they would not have any concerns about fitting Mbappe into a system and believe he is capable of playing through the middle. While ultimately Real Madrid and Mbappe share a mutual interest in making a transfer work, Los Blancos will need the 2022 World Cup Golden Boot winner to help facilitate a move from PSG. Real Madrid president Florentino Perez was recently filmed being asked about whether the club would sign Mbappe, replying: "Yes, but not this summer." This was prior to Monday's revelations, however.