There are certain clubs in world football you are linked with a move for pretty much every single half-decent footballer in the world during transfer windows. Barcelona are one of those football clubs.   While finances have been a big problem for the Blaugrana, they have still been making a lot of moves happen. Here, we'll do our best to tell you who Barcelona are being linked with signing as we start to gear up for the summer transfer window in 2023. feed Despite winning La Liga under Xavi this past season, there are a few areas of the squad that Barcelona know they need to address this summer.  They need to find a new man to take over the base of the midfield with Sergio Busquets leaving the club. Many players have already been linked with that role, while another more-rounded midfielder seems to be a possibility too. There is no natural right-back in the Barcelona squad at the moment so they need at least one player of quality to fill that gap. There could be a lot of movement in the wide areas with the likes of Ferran Torres and Ansu Fati possibly being sold to. Beyond all of that, they need a striker who is willing to be Robert Lewandowski's deputy and can step in for the Pole when he needs to be saved for a bigger game. There has been a remarkable number of players linked with a move to Barcelona early in the summer but in terms of players that they clearly hold a serious interest in, Ilkay Gundogan and Joshua Kimmich are at the top of the list.  The former could be available on a free transfer if he decides not to renew with Man City, while Kimmich will be harder to acquire given that big fee will be required to get him.  Another midfielder being linked heavily with Barcelona is Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat. The Moroccan impressed at the World Cup and after a dip in form, has ended the season very well. Martin Zubimendi from Real Sociedad is another target, as is Joao Cancelo who can fill in the gap at full-back.  The one position where Barcelona do not need any reinforcements is in goal, and they have not been linked with any goalkeepers in recent weeks. Player Position Team Potential fee Aymeric Laporte CB Manchester City    30m Joao Cancelo RB/LB Manchester City Loan Reece James RB Chelsea    50m Cesar Azpilicueta RB/CB Chelsea    7m Malo Gusto RB Chelsea Loan Joel Veltman RB/CB Brighton Free Vanderson RB Monaco    60m Denzel Dumfries RB Inter    50m Dodo RB Fiorentina    25m Benjamin Pavard RB/CB Bayern Munich    40m Noussair Mazraoui RB Bayern Munich    20m Thomas Meunier RB Borussia Dortmund    15m Jeremie Frimpong RB Bayer Leverkusen    40m Evan Ndicka CB Eintracht Frankfurt Free Inigo Martinez CB Athletic Club Free Pau Torres CB Villarreal    50m Juan Foyth CB/RB Villarreal    54m Arnau Martinez RB Girona     20m Player Position Team Potential fee Ilkay Gundogan CM/CDM/CAM Manchester City Free Bernardo Silva AM Manchester City    80m Bruno Guimaraes CDM/CM Newcastle    100m Ruben Neves CDM/CM Wolves    30m Marco Verratti CDM PSG    100m Marcelo Brozovic CDM/CM Inter Swap deal Adrien Rabiot CM Juventus Free Sofyan Amrabat CDM Fiorentina    20m Justin Kumi CM Sassuolo N/A Joshua Kimmich CDM Bayern Munich    45m Dani Olmo CAM RB Leipzig    30m Florian Wirtz CAM Bayer Leverkusen    70m Daichi Kamada CAM Eintracht Frankfurt Free Martin Zubimendi CDM Real Sociedad    60m Takefusa Kubo CAM Real Sociedad    60m Dani Parejo CDM Villarreal    7m Guido Rodriguez CDM/CM Real Betis    28m Gabriel Veiga CM Celta Vigo    40m Hugo Sotelo CM Celta Vigo    40m Oriel Romeu CDM Girona N/A Player Position Team Potential fee Julian Alvarez ST Manchester City Loan Pierre Emerick Aubamayeng ST Chelsea    5m Roberto Firmino ST Liverpool Free Wilfried Zaha LW/RW Crystal Palace Free Neymar Jr RW/LW/ST PSG Loan Joaquin Correa ST Inter Swap deal Khvicha Kvaratskhelia LW Napoli    100m Angel Di Maria RW/LW Juventus Free Rasmus Hojlund ST Atalanta    70m Paulo Dybala ST AS Roma    12m Simone Pafundi ST Udinese    5m Serge Gnabry RW/LW Bayern Munich    40m Marcus Thuram ST/RW Borussia Monchengladbach Free Randal Kolo Muani ST Eintracht Frankfurt    90m Yannick Carrasco RW/LW Atletico Madrid    19m Joao Felix RW/LW/ST Atletico Madrid    100m