Manchester United remain keen on Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves and are open to the possibility of bidding for him during the current January transfer window, 90min understands. Wolves are understood to be ready to listen to offers for Neves and have indicated to his intermediaries that they would sanction a deal     if their asking price is met. 90min revealed last summer that Wolves    owners Fosun were open to the idea of Neves and Adama Traore  being sold in order to give current boss Bruno Lage funds to reinvest in the squad. Neves has been with Wolves since 2017 when they shocked the footballing world by securing his signature from Porto while still a Championship club     paying a club record  £16m. It looks increasingly good business as a deal to sell Neves now would likely see them double their money. Sources have now told 90min that the Portuguese is ready to move on. He has proved himself as a top Premier League performer with Wolves     but is now eager to show his skills at a    bigger    club. Tottenham and Chelsea have also enquired about Neves in the last 12 months but it is United who have long been at the head of the queue for his services, as their scouts have given glowing reviews on him and pushed strongly for a deal last summer. Former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was keen and the club looked closely at the details. But, instead, they turned attentions to Portugal compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo once he became available to them. With Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes already at Old Trafford, United believe Neves would have no problems settling in, having done plenty of background checks on the 24-year-old. United are considering their need for a defensive midfielder to supplement the current squad, with the likes of Scott McTominay, Fred and Nemanja Matic struggling to get to grips with many Premier League games so far this season. It now remains to be seen if United would be willing to pay upwards of  £30m for a player in January, whilst also only having an interim manager in charge.