90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is willing to allow 11 players to head for the exit door to raise over  £100m for new signings, with David de Gea likely to be the headline departure. (The Mirror) The exodus at Old Trafford could stretch to 13 players, with Jadon Sancho another marquee name tipped to leave the club. (Daily Mail) Former Liverpool striker Roberto Firmino has opened talks with Saudi Pro League side Al Ahli (Fabrizio Romano) Manchester United have again made contact with the representative of Adrien Rabiot, whose contract at Juventus expires at the end of June. (The Athletic) Paris Saint-Germain are ready to test Bayern Munich's resolve with an opening bid for French defender Lucas Hernandez. (Sky Sports) Kai Havertz has completed the first part of his medical at Arsenal. The German is expected to complete his move from Chelsea later this week. (Fabrizio Romano) Luka Modric has not reversed his decision to extend his Real Madrid contract despite receiving multiple approaches from Saudi Arabia. (Fabrizio Romano) Liverpool are ready to battle Tottenham for the signing of Wolfsburg defender Micky van de Ven. (Football Insider) Barcelona are trying to convince Inter midfielder Marcelo Brozovic to join them ahead of cash-rich Saudi giants Al Nassr. (Achraf Ben Ayad) manual Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has cooled talk of a shock switch to Paris Saint-Germain by stating he is happy in north London. (Marca) Chelsea winger Callum Hudson-Odoi will hold talks with new manager Mauricio Pochettino in the coming days over his Stamford Bridge future. (Express) Manchester City have offered    90m ( £77m) to RB Leipzig for standout Croatian defender Josko Gvardiol. (Sky Germany) Manchester United are revisiting their interest in Ajax's Mohammed Kudus after failing to make progress in talks for Mason Mount. FC Utrecht's Taylor Booth has also caught the eye. (ESPN) AC Milan are preparing to make offer for West Ham forward Gianluca Scamacca following a disappointing first season in England. (Calciomercato) Newcastle are looking to offload Allan Saint-Maximin this summer to help fund a move for Leicester's James Maddison. (The Athletic)