Real Madrid have decided they will not move heaven and earth to keep centre-back Raphael Varane this summer, with Chelsea and Manchester United lodging their interest in the Frenchman. Varane's contract will enter its final 12 months this summer and there have been countless reports suggesting he is not interested in discussing an extension as he would prefer to experience something new before his career comes to an end. AS note that Varane's desire to leave has been known at the club for a while now. He has confessed to wanting to go, which has obviously upset Real, but some at the Santiago Bernabeu have also been frustrated by leaking of information surrounding Varane's future to the media. There is a sneaking suspicion that someone in the Frenchman's camp has been talking to the press about the situation, revealing secrets like Real's willingness to sell this summer. As a result, the trust between Varane and Real is at an all-time low and the club are not prepared to overwork themselves trying to convince him to sign an extension. He will still be offered a new contract by Real, but negotiations will not be tough or long-winded. Varane will be given the chance to sign on, and if he doesn't, he's gone. Easy. ?? Rapha  l Varane spinning out of danger ?#FlashbackFriday | @FrenchTeam | @raphaelvarane pic.twitter.com/JTBztfO3C4 That's good news for United and particularly Chelsea. Thomas Tuchel's Blues are thought to be leading the race for Varane's signature, although the reported  £61m price tag throws a spanner in the works here. A lot of the Spanish media seems to be taking Varane's valuation from Transfermarkt, who are fantastic for pretty much everything apart from transfer values, so don't be surprised if that figure isn't the one being discussed behind the scenes. Real would ideally like to keep Varane, but they also recognise that this is a great opportunity to raise some quick money this summer. There are hopes to sign a handful of new centre-backs, with impending free agent David Alaba on the wish list alongside Sevilla's Jules Kounde and Villarreal's Pau Torres.