Legendary playmaker Maxi Moralez is leaving NYCFC this winter to join Argentine side Racing Club, the club announced Friday. Moralez has been with New York since 2017, joining from Liga MX side Leon following spells in Europe with the likes of Atalanta and FC Moscow. The one-time Argentina international went on to make 194 appearances for NYCFC across all competitions, scoring 36 goals and providing 60 assists, while helping the club lift MLS Cup and Campeones Cup titles. Moralez is regarded as one of the greatest players in club history and leaves with legendary status intact. Now, the 35-year-old returns to the club where his professional career started.    My family and I have decided to return Argentina, my country, after a very long time. It was a very difficult and personal decision for me, one of the most difficult decisions in my career because of what we   ve accomplished together here. I am happy here, and from the first day the fans have made me feel like one of them. Those memories combined with this City, the best city in the world, has really made this decision extremely hard," Moralez said in a release.    Racing is where I started, they raised me, many years ago they gave me the opportunity to play professional football and be in the position I   m in today. It was a dream of mine, of my children and my family, to see me play at Racing and I   d like for it to come true for them.      NYCFC has been six years of my life which I   ve enjoyed immensely, with so much happiness, with accomplishments and defeats, but I've always been so happy here playing for this Club. NYCFC is my longest tenured Club which makes me so proud because it   s a great Club, in a great City and being here is like being part of one big family.    Few, if any, players have left an impression on NYCFC like Moralez, whose performance levels never dropped despite his advancing age. The Cityzens will now turn their attention to finding a replacement able to match his level.     It has been an absolute pleasure to have been able to get to know and work with Maxi," sporting director David Lee said in a club press release. "No one can deny the significant impact he   s had these past six seasons, he   ll always have legendary status at the Club and amongst our fans as he has given us so many fantastic memories. As well as his unbelievable skill, he has been a true professional since day one and a role model for our young players.    