The LA Galaxy have announced the signing of midfielder Riqui Puig from Barcelona, as well as the sale of Rayan Raveloson to Ligue 1 side Auxerre. As reported by 90min, the Galaxy finalized a deal to bring Puig to Dignity Health Sports Park on Wednesday, with the player undergoing a successful medical.  The Galaxy have now officially announced the transfer, with Puig signing through the end of the 2025 MLS season on a TAM (Targeted Allocation Money) deal.    We are pleased to welcome Riqui to the LA Galaxy,    said LA Galaxy head coach Greg Vanney.    Riqui is a very technical and well-educated player with incredible experiences for his age. He will fit seamlessly into our group and style of play.    Technical Director Jovan Kirovski added: "Riqui is a very talented player with a unique profile that brings something different to our squad." Watch the story of Charlotte FC's journey to MLS in 90min's The Making of Charlotte FC, presented by DoorDash, on 90min channels now. Subscribe to our new US YouTube channel. Still only 22 years old, Puig arrives Stateside after making 56 senior appearances for Barcelona across all competitions, scoring twice and providing three assists. With Puig coming through the door, fellow midfielder Raveloson departs for Ligue 1 side Auxerre in order to make room for the Spaniard. The 25-year-old midfielder moved to LA from Troyes last year and has since made 48 appearances across all competitions, scoring eight goals and providing two assists. Reports emerged on Wednesday that the Galaxy were looking to part ways with Raveloson in order to make way for Puig. The 20-time Madagascar international flew to France later that day to undergo a medical, with agreements already in place between the club and player and only small details left to work out. The deal was announced on Thursday.    We are thankful and appreciative of Rayan   s contributions to the LA Galaxy,    LA Galaxy head coach Greg Vanney said in a club press release.    We wish him the best as he returns back to Ligue 1 for the next phase of his career.   