Lille midfielder Renato Sanches has confirmed that he has received interest from both AC Milan and Arsenal, hinting that he is ready for a move away from Ligue 1 at the end of the current season. The 24-year-old has been looked at by most of Europe's elite after some stunning form over the past few years. Competition from Italy will also plague Arsenal's pursuit of Dusan Vlahovic, with Juventus lodging a rival bid which is thought to include Swedish forward Dejan Kulusevski in exchange. Both sides want a deal done in January, before the teams that fail to sign Erling Haaland turn to him. One of the teams interested in Haaland is Real Madrid, but that interest hasn't gone down well with Karim Benzema. The iconic striker is ready to leave the Santiago Bernabeu if Haaland joins in the summer and already has an offer to do so from PSG... you know, assuming they don't get Haaland either. Another man tipped to leave Real is midfielder Eduardo Camavinga, who is being watched closely by Liverpool. The Reds believe Camavinga is out of favour under Carlo Ancelotti and are prepared to try sign him at the end of the season. Liverpool are also leading the chase for Fulham starlet Fabio Carvalho. A free agent in the summer, Carvalho is also expected to attract interest from West Ham and Leeds United, among others. PSV winger Cody Gakpo has held talks with both Liverpool and Manchester City. Gakpo is set to sign a new contract in Eindhoven but he is ready to make the jump to an elite side if the right offer arrives. Tottenham could see a lot of outgoings before the January transfer window comes to a close. They are looking to shift both Dele Alli and Giovani Lo Celso, neither of whom were included in the squad to face Chelsea at the weekend. The hope is to use Lo Celso in a swap deal to try and drive down the asking price of an expensive target. Antonio Conte is keen to sign Vlahovic but also has his eyes on Inter's Lautaro Martinez and Brighton's Tariq Lamptey. Spurs are also close to securing the signing of young Lewes winger Ollie Tanner, who has been tracked by Brighton as well. Ralf Rangnick has confirmed that Manchester United are in negotiations with a number of teams over potential departures. Jesse Lingard, Dean Henderson and Eric Bailly are three of many to have been tipped to leave the club in the coming days. Newcastle are expected to 'throw everything' at Lingard before the window closes and are growing in confidence about their chances of signing him. However, they could turn to Dele if they fail in their efforts.