Chelsea have not given up on signing Romelu Lukaku this summer, with the Blues remaining in constant contact with Inter over a potential transfer. Lukaku has firmly established himself as one of the world   s best strikers since moving to Italy two years ago. In 95 games for the Nerazzurri in all competitions he has managed 64 goals and also laid on 16 assists.   His performances are making Chelsea regret letting him depart back in 2014, particularly as they struggled in front of goal last season, and their stalling  £150m pursuit of Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland has led them back to him. Sources have informed 90min that the Blues have kept lines of communication with Inter open throughout the summer, and those close to the player believe he would be 'very interested' in moving back to west London. This is despite the fact that Lukaku has publicly stated that he has no intention of departing Inter before the transfer window closes.  That information is corroborated by The Athletic, who report that Chelsea have already had two bids dismissed by the Nerazzurri in recent weeks. 90min has previously revealed that Lukaku remains a personal favourite of owner Roman Abramovich, who feels the frontman has unfinished business at Stamford Bridge. However, that is not to say that the move is guaranteed. The Belgian has enjoyed his time with the reigning Serie A champions and feels far more valued than he did during his time with Manchester United.   Even the departure of manager Antonio Conte - who brought him to the club - has not unsettled him. Lukaku is also undeterred by the potential exit of Lautaro Martinez. The pair have struck up a fruitful strike partnership over the past two seasons but the Argentine is attracting serious interest from Arsenal and Atletico Madrid. Inter have already sold star right-back Achraf Hakimi to Paris Saint-Germain this summer as they look to balance the books. Despite receiving significant investment from Oaktree Capital Management there is still a need to decrease the wage budget by between 15% and 20%.   A post shared by Romelu Lukaku (@romelulukaku) Lukaku   s departure would go much further to achieving this goal compared to selling Martinez, who is understood to earn around a third of what his strike partner does.  However, 90min understands that Inter would prefer to keep both players at the club if possible. 