It looks set to be a big summer for Odsonne Edouard. The Celtic striker has continued his impressive individual form despite his side's struggles, and while the Hoops aren't keen to let him go, they may soon have no choice. Edouard's contract expires at the end of next season, and there has been no indication that he plans to sign a new one any time soon. That has drastically weakened the club's bargaining position - a year ago they were commanding  £40m, but reports suggest they will now accept bids in the region of  £15-20m. His new-found availability has opened the door to a number of clubs who see value in a player who has scored 81 goals in 163 appearances in Scotland, and 90min have run the rule over the serious contenders for his signature.    News of Villa's interest made sense a year ago when they were in desperate search of a regular goalscorer. But now they've found that now in Ollie Watkins. Unless the new England cap is sold, it's hard to imagine that signing a new striker - especially one at a similar stage of his development - is high on their list of priorities. Villa also seem set to miss out on European football, so even if their interest is genuine, Edouard may have more enticing options on the table. Suitability rating: 4/10 Leeds have enjoyed a strong consolidating season back in the top flight, but they need to improve before they can compete for Europe. To that end, they've been linked with Edouard - who does seem like the level of player they should be looking at.Stylistically, it would be a good fit. Edouard runs himself into the ground off the ball and has the first touch and turn of pace to thrive in Marcelo Bielsa's demanding system.It's possible he could be tempted by the project at Elland Road, but he would have to be convinced they are heading up the table rather than just settling in.Suitability rating: 5/10 With Edin Dzeko coming to the end of his career in Rome, the Italian side are on the lookout for a new number nine, and reports have suggested they see Edouard as the ideal replacement. It's fairly easy to see why. Edouard has more subtlety to his game and lacks a bit of the physical presence imposed by Dzeko, but he's an incredibly good link-up striker - something Roma lack outside of their Bosnian talisman.  There are serious questions here - namely whether Roma will have a spare  £15-20m this summer, and that could depend on whether they qualify for Europe. A switch to Serie A would be bold from Edouard, but after coming to Scotland to prove himself away from the glare of PSG, a move back to mainland Europe may be just what he's after. Suitability rating: 6/10