The agent of Inter centre-back Milan Skriniar has confessed there is currently 'no chance' of the Slovakia international signing a new contract with the Nerazzurri. Skriniar is in the final six months of his contract at San Siro and has long been earmarked as a potential bargain in 2023, with sources confirming to 90min that Paris Saint-Germain are growing increasingly confident of landing the defender on a free transfer. However, the Premier League's elite, including Newcastle, have all spoken with Skriniar's representatives and the expectancy is that the 27-year-old will receive a number of contract offers over the coming weeks. PSG are optimistic that they can convince Skriniar to join, having come close to luring him to Parc des Princes last summer when Inter were looking to sell, and agent Roberto Sistici has now admitted that he is speaking with the French side as well as 'clubs outside of Italy'. "The truth is that the decision to put  Milan Skriniar  on the transfer market was taken by Inter over the summer, not by the player,    Sistici told Telenord.    It was a decision from the club that led to negotiations between Inter and PSG, which obviously we were informed of. At a certain stage, the negotiations were interrupted and the player accepted without problems, respecting his contract as a true professional.    In the autumn, we replied to all the requests made by the club, and after a series of preliminary meetings, we presented our economic request. After that, in November 2022, Inter presented their proposal. Circa a month later, before Christmas, I told Inter our decision not to accept that proposal.    I confirmed that decision in January, before the Supercoppa, when I also informed directors Beppe Marotta and Piero Ausilio that we considered ourselves free to listen to the offers from other clubs.    It wasn   t even necessary for us to inform them of that, but both myself and the player felt it was the right way to proceed, with professionalism and transparency. I repeat, we never missed any appointment with Inter.    Asked whether Skriniar could still sign an extension with inter, Sistici offered a damning assessment of the situation.    At the moment no, that is not a possibility," he said. "Anyone who knows Milan will realise his professionalism and fairness, he will always honour the jersey of the club he is registered with, especially a club that gave him so much.    On this edition of Talking Transfers, Scott Saunders hosts Toby Cudworth & Graeme Bailey to discuss all the big transfer stories. This week's agenda includes Jude Bellingham, Harry Kane, Declan Rice, Hakim Ziyech, Leandro Trossard, Pedro Porro, Mykhailo Mudryk and more! If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! Before Monday's meeting with Empoli, in which Skriniar was shown a red card inside the first 45 minutes, Inter manager Simone Inzaghi admitted Inter would handle the situation 'one way or another'.    I am perfectly relaxed, you just need to see the way he trains and plays," Inzaghi said. "I see him very concentrated, he still has the Inter jersey on his back and the captain   s armband too.    The club is resolving the matter in one way or another. What matters to me is what happens on the field.    Later on Monday, after PSG's comprehensive 7-0 win over Pays de Cassel in the Coupe de France, manager Christophe Galtier was asked about his side's interest in Skriniar.