90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain believe Kylian Mbappe has already agreed to join Real Madrid on a free transfer next summer and are prepared to sell to the highest bidder this window in order to receive a fee. (Sky Sports) Mbappe acknowledges that he may need to leave the French capital this summer, with Real Madrid his clear preferred option. (ESPN) Arsenal would be Mbappe's first choice if he moved to the Premier League, but there's been no contact with last season's Premier League runners-up. (Independent) Borussia Dortmund could launch a bid to re-sign Jadon Sancho from Manchester United, though the player's preference is to stay put. (Sky Germany) Liverpool are not prepared to pay Southampton's  £50m asking price for Romeo Lavia and are not actively pursuing the teenager. (The Athletic) Manchester United have agreed personal terms with Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana and are set to complete his signing by the end of next week. (Fabrizio Romano) Inter plan to replace Onana with Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman also has two offers from Saudi Arabia. (Sky Sports) manual Chelsea are not currently negotiating with any club over a potential loan exit for Andrey Santos. New head coach Mauricio Pochettino wants to take a look at and speak to a player the club's board believe has huge potential. (Fabrizio Romano) Barcelona are interested in signing Santos and have added him to their long list of potential Sergio Busquets replacements. (Daily Mail) Newcastle are in advanced talks with Leicester over the signing of Harvey Barnes. The 25-year-old scored 13 Premier League goals last season and is also wanted by West Ham and Aston Villa. (Guardian) Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone is set to reject an offer to take over Al Ahli, one of the four Saudi Arabian teams financially backed by PIF. (ESPN) Mauricio Pochettino has admitted he has an "amazing" relationship with Tottenham's Harry Kane, but has said it is "not fair" to discuss his future. (Sky Sports) Manchester City full-back Kyle Walker will make a decision on his future soon amid interest from Bayern Munich, former club Sheffield United and teams in the Saudi Pro League. (Fabrizio Romano)