90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Harry Kane has decided that he wants to join Manchester United instead of Chelsea or Real Madrid, and is prepared to leave Tottenham for the Red Devils on a free transfer in 2024 if he is not sold this summer. (Football Transfers) Nevertheless, Real Madrid have not given up hope of signing Kane and are working to convince Spurs to sell them the striker for  £68m to ensure he does not join a Premier League rival. (Marca) If they fail to land Kane, Real Madrid are prepared to use Rodrygo as their central striker next season before moving to sign Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer in 2024. (COPE) Chelsea have already been knocked back with a    100m bid for Real Madrid midfielder Federico Valverde but have submitted an improved offer worth    120m plus a further    20m in add-ons. (Defensa Central) Liverpool have agreed personal terms with Nice midfielder Khephren Thuram and are preparing a formal bid, with the Ligue 1 side expected to accept an offer of around  £35m. (L'Equipe) Ilkay Gundogan is a target for Paris Saint-Germain, who have joined the race for the midfielder as he approaches the end of his Manchester City contract. (L'Equipe) But Gundogan has reached an agreement with Barcelona over a three-year contract which would work within their budget, and a deal is expected to be formally announced after the Champions League final. (Mundo Deportivo) manual Arsenal have made their first official offer to Galatasaray for right-back Sacha Boey. Their  £12m bid was rejected, however, with the Turkish side looking for a further  £5m. (Hurriyet) With West Ham preparing to cash in on Declan Rice for around  £100m, the Hammers are already planning to reinvest hat money in Fulham's Joao Palhinha, Southampton's James Ward-Prowse and Manchester City's Kalvin Phillips. (Mail) Zinedine Zidane has turned down an approach from PSG to take over as manager as the French side prepare to dismiss Christophe Galtier. (Le Parisien) Eden Hazard is expected to continue playing following his departure from Real Madrid, with a move to Major League Soccer a possibility. (Sacha Tavolieri)