Throughout the weekend in Major League Soccer, all the talk was about Gareth Bale's impending move to Los Angeles FC. Whether you were watching LAFC themselves as they beat the New York Red Bulls 2-0 on Sunday, or any of the other 12 MLS games taking place over the weekend, you will have heard Bale's name mentioned at least once.  Incredibly, Bale - as well as legendary Italian center-back Giorgio Chiellini - joins a Black and Gold side already four points clear at the top of the overall standings with 33 points and just three defeats from 16 games so far - no team has scored more than their 32 goals and only three teams have conceded fewer (17). So, why exactly do LAFC need Bale and Chiellini if they're running so strong at both ends? Well, for one thing, the Black and Gold have been here before, winning the 2019 Supporters' Shield with a then-record points total, only to fall in the Western Conference final.  That's the furthest LAFC have ever gone in the MLS Cup Playoffs, failing to even qualify last season. The Black and Gold have also never made the final of the US Open Cup and lost 2-1 to Tigres in the 2020 Concacaf Champions League final. It's that winning know-how that could be most important when these two superstars arrive. "What he brought to Tottenham Hotspur and Real Madrid," head coach Steve Cherundolo responded when asked what Bale will bring to his team. "Goals, assists, a constant threat attracting attention from the opposing defenders. A prolific player who knows how to win championships." Just as important is existing talisman Carlos Vela confirming he'll sign a new contract extension, putting to bed months of speculation regarding his future.  Carlos Vela confirms @TaylorTwellman report of a new deal being done w/ #LAFC States he doesn   t want to leave LA without winning a championship and is motivated to play w/ Gareth Bale. En @ESPNDeportes @abc (SAP) #RBNY #LAFC con mi bro @mauriciopedroza 12PM PST pic.twitter.com/r306ejwMi8 "It was a matter of time. I don't want to leave until I win a title. Hopefully this year," said Vela. The arrivals of Bale and Chiellini will only enhance the chances of Vela fulfilling his desires, with LAFC and general manager John Thorrington revealing the Mexican is fully behind the signings. "For Carlos and his desire to win, he sees the importance of adding these pieces," he said after Sunday's win over RBNY, adding: "Again, to help with what we already have and then to add their quality and experience as well."