Celtic have confirmed the signings of Joe Hart, on a three-year deal from Tottenham, and free agent James McCarthy, who has penned a four-year deal after his contract with Crystal Palace expired earlier this summer. The Hoops have made their move for Hart after he was pushed further down the pecking order at Spurs by the loan arrival of Pierluigi Gollini, while they have been long-term admirers of Republic of Ireland international McCarthy. 90min exclusively revealed back in January that they were hoping to lure him back to Scottish football for the first time since leaving Hamilton Academical in 2009, and they've now confirmed that he's put pen to paper. ? ?????? ????! ??Welcome to #CelticFC, Joe Hart and James McCarthy! ?#WelcomeHart ? #WelcomeMcCarthy Speaking of their moves to the club's official website, manager Ange Postecoglou said:    I   m delighted that we have signed two top-class players in Joe and James. Both of them have a wealth of experience at both club and international level, and that is something which can only benefit the squad, and I   m looking forward to working with both of them.    I know our supporters will be well aware of both players, and I   m sure they   ll welcome them to the club and look forward to seeing both of them play for Celtic in the seasons ahead.    Hart - who has previously lifted the Premier League with Manchester City - added:    This is a great moment for me in my career and I am absolutely delighted to be joining a club of Celtic   s stature.    I know just how big this club is and of the incredible support that it enjoys, and I can   t wait to play in front of the fans at Celtic Park. I   m looking forward to meeting up with my new team-mates now and getting to work with the squad and, in particular, the other goalkeepers here.    McCarthy, meanwhile, said of his move:    To have signed for Celtic is a brilliant feeling and this is a special day for me and my family.    I know all about the club, the size of it and all the success it   s enjoyed, particularly in recent years. I   m looking forward to pulling on the Hoops, playing at Paradise and helping the team deliver more success to these amazing fans in the seasons ahead.   