Manchester City have made a  £100m offer for Harry Kane, with the club open to offering players in exchange for the Spurs man. Kane's determination to leave Tottenham has been one of football's worst-kept secrets, with the England captain all but publicly admitting he wants a move away to win silverware.  The emotional scenes that followed their final home game of the season against Aston Villa came off the back of various reports suggesting he wanted to leave, and in a later interview with Gary Neville, he admitted he would hold talks with chairman Daniel Levy over his future. City have long been touted as the frontrunner to sign him as they seek a replacement for Sergio Aguero, and the Star report that their interest remains - but they are not prepared to be drawn into a long-running saga. It's claimed they want the deal concluded soon, and will make just one  £100m offer. Levy's asking price is closer to the  £150m mark, however, and if he opts to reject City's initial bid, the Premier League champions are expected to move on to other targets. Fabrizio Romano jumped on the news on Monday afternoon, reporting that the bid is official and Spurs have no desire to accept it - though City may return and offer players in exchange for Kane. Kane's form with England at Euro 2020 has done little to inspire interest in his signature. He delivered one of the worst performances of his international career against Scotland, managing just 19 touches of the ball as Gareth Southgate's team limped to a 0-0 draw. He was withdrawn with 15 minutes to go, much to the delight of the travelling fans who had watched Grant Hanley marshal him out of the game. Exclusive      @90min_football - Harry Kane is open to moving abroad this summer and is interested in reuniting with Mauricio Pochettino at PSG. Spurs still aren't prepared to sell but would rather that than consider letting him join a Premier League club.https://t.co/u6pq2qKmr0 After the match, Kane was asked if the transfer speculation had played into his performances - but his answer was clear.