Manchester City and Juventus have become the latest clubs to register their interest in Villarreal defender Pau Torres, 90min understands.  The Spanish international has long been linked with a move away from his hometown club with Manchester United among his suitors. However, last summer United opted to sign Raphael Varane instead, and this time around they have identified Ajax's Lisandro Martinez as their top target.  Tottenham also had talks earlier this summer before completing a loan deal for Barcelona's Clement Lenglet, while Chelsea had him on their radar but ultimately decided against a move.  Admiration for Torres has not dampened though, and 90min has been told that both Juventus and Man City have registered an interest in the 25-year-old in recent days. City are selling Ake to Chelsea and had identified Brighton left-back Marc Cucurella as their primary target to replace him. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Cucurella remains first choice, but the Cityzens are reluctant to bid over  £50m - the minimum Brighton would accept for their prized asset who is being offered a new contract. That has led to City looking at other options - including centre-backs - and Torres has emerged as a target for Pep Guardiola, who is a fan of his compatriot.  City are not alone in adding Torres to their radar with Italian giants Juventus considering him as a potential replacement for Matthijs de Ligt, who is on course to join Bayern Munich. Listen now to 90min's Talking Transfers podcast, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey,  Harry Symeou  &  Toby Cudworth. On the latest show they discuss Chelsea turning to Antony and Serge Gnabry as Barcelona close in on Raphinha, why Manchester United have still not signed Frenkie de Jong, Manchester City's pursuit of Marc Cucurella and their interest in Jules Kounde and Pau Torres. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Juventus were keen to sign Kalidou Koulibaly, but they have lost out to Chelsea, who ironically went for the Senegalese star after missing out De Ligt. 90min understands that Juve are now doing background checks on Torres and could make a firm bid in the near future.