Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes has admitted that while he was never seeking to leave Old Trafford, he did want assurances from the hierarchy that the club   s ambitions still matched his own prior to signing a new contract in April. Fernandes signed fresh terms, reported at the time to have doubled his wages, that extended his deal by a year until 2026     the contract also includes a 12-month option until 2027. Even with the huge financial incentive to sign, it wasn   t a simple    yes    from the Portuguese because he first wanted answers about football. He has now revealed he demanded to know what United   s ambitions were and if there was a plan for the future.    I came to the club and my aim is winning trophies because I know how big this club is and I know how big we can still be and achieve good things and big things,    he told the Manchester Evening News. "So I had a conversation last year with the club when everyone knew that Ralf [Rangnick] was not the coach for the future. And when the club decided [who the manager would be] I spoke to the club and I said I want to be a solution for the club, I want to be helpful for the club, but I also want to know where we are going. Is here a plan, is here a future?    Fernandes openly admits that    money is important    because    you always want to have the best for yourself    in any line of work or career path. But he stressed the bumper pay rise was not the driving factor behind signing a new contract, hinting he would have been prepared not to sign if he wasn   t satisfied with the answers to his questions about direction.    At that time, I said I'm on good money, I don't want a new contract without knowing that we have a good future in the club. I want to know where we are going,    he explained. "I don't need to know who the manager is, but I want to know just as a club, do you think we have a future? Do you have a plan for the future? What are your thoughts on where we can go? What does the club want? Does the club want to achieve trophies or does the club want to build something to go to the Champions League? Because for me, that's not enough.    On this edition of TPL, Scott Saunders & Rob Blanchette discuss how to solve Man Utd's issue at centre-forward & Ten Hag's striker plans. The guys talk Wout Weghorst, the fact Jo £o Felix is no longer on the market, Victor Osimhen, Harry Kane, Benjamin Sesko & more! If you can   t see this embed, click here to listen to the podcast!