Donny van de Beek's representatives have been in discussions with a number of European clubs regarding the Dutchman's potential summer departure from Manchester United, 90min understands. Van de Beek joined United in September 2020 from Ajax, but has never been able to establish a foothold in the club's first team under a number of managers. Van de Beek has been behind Bruno Fernandes in the midfield pecking order and has struggled with a number of debilitating injuries during his spell in England. Under Erik ten Hag, current United manager and Van de Beek's former manager at Ajax, the player's fortunes haven't changed. Van de Beek sustained an injury in January which kept him out for the second half of last season and while he has joined pre-season training in recent days, United have also signed Mason Mount from Chelsea - further reducing Van de Beek's chances of playing time in the new campaign. While Ten Hag has a good relationship with the player, it's understood by 90min that he and the decision-makers at United have green-lit Van de Beek's departure from the club, and the player's camp are exploring a new challenge. feed Van de Beek has a number of clubs in Serie A interested in his services, with Inter, Roma and Milan all making their own enquiries, though it's understood he is not a first choice target for any of the three. In the Premier League, Wolves, Nottingham Forest and Crystal Palace are all monitoring the 26-year-old's situation. Europa League holders Sevilla and Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Nice hold interest, as does Brendan Rodgers' Celtic. A return to Ajax has not been ruled out either and Dutch champions Feyenoord would also be open to accomodating the player on the right terms. United would prefer a sale as they try to clear their squad of players who aren't in the long-term plans for the first team, though a loan looks more likely as it stands. Anthony Martial, club captain Harry Maguire, Fred, Dean Henderson, Eric Bailly and Alex Telles are all among a host of players United would like to part ways with before the new season starts; to clear their wage bill and raise funds to reinvest into the first team. United are trying to secure up to two new forwards and another midfielder, while right back and centre back are on the agenda to strengthen. United are likely to follow up the signing of Mount this week with a deal worth over    50m expected to be confirmed for Inter's Andre Onana, following David de Gea's departure on a free transfer over the weekend.