Chelsea are ready to push to sign Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland this summer and are prepared to break their club transfer record to get the deal done. Since joining Dortmund back in January 2020, Haaland has continued his rise towards the top of the football mountain. His tally of 35 goals in as many games for the club has seen the 20-year-old attract interest from nearly every top side on the planet. Manchester United and Manchester City are keen, while Real Madrid are thought to be leading the race for Haaland's signature, but The Athletic's Simon Johnson has revealed that Chelsea are hopeful of swooping in and getting a deal done this summer. Sources confirmed to 90min in December that Chelsea had registered their interest with Haaland's representatives, but the Blues had fears that City were putting together a proposal which would take the Norway international to the Etihad instead. However, Chelsea believe that most of their competition are prepared to hold off on their bids until 2022, when Haaland will have a release clause of around  £66m, so they are ready to swoop in this year and pay extra to sign him. There is an awareness that Dortmund will demand a substantial figure for Haaland, but Chelsea have already decided that they are ready to exceed the  £80m they have agreed to pay Bayer Leverkusen for Kai Havertz to get a deal done. Not an easy game, but a job done! ? pic.twitter.com/hDkHv5iXbG Bringing in a world-class striker is thought to be high on the club's agenda. Olivier Giroud is expected to leave in the summer and Frank Lampard wants someone else to compete with Tammy Abraham and Timo Werner. On Werner, this pursuit of Haaland is no reflection of the German's struggles in front of goal. Chelsea don't see Haaland as a replacement for him, but rather a player who can compliment his skill set and bring out the best in him. It is understood that the Blues are already planning for yet another eye-watering summer spending spree. On top of Haaland, whose value may well approach the  £100m mark, Chelsea are also keen on West Ham United's Declan Rice, who has been valued at  £80m in the past. Club owner Roman Abramovich will have to dig deep into his pockets if he wants to make these deals happen, but Chelsea will definitely have to offload some of their fringe players for these plans to become reality.