Liverpool believe they are close to finalising an agreement to sign Brighton midfielder Alexis Mac Allister, 90min understands, Mac Allister, who played an integral role in Argentina's World Cup triumph, is being chased by most of the Premier League's elite and is expected to move on this summer, with Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi recently admitting the 24-year-old has likely played his final game for the club. With the season now over, Liverpool's focus is firmly on bolstering for the upcoming campaign, and Mac Allister is one of the Reds' top targets. The Brighton midfielder and his representatives have spent the past few months discussing his future with a number of clubs - Chelsea and Manchester United are known admirers - but sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool are leading the race for Mac Allister's signature. Personal terms have already been agreed in principle between Mac Allister and Liverpool, who have voiced a willingness to meet Brighton's asking price of around  £70m. feed Liverpool are growing in confidence that they are close to getting a deal done and are pushing for a firm agreement as soon as possible, which would allow them to focus their efforts on other reinforcements. Mac Allister, who has been in Italy to attend the wedding of Argentina teammate Lautaro Martinez, is expected to make a final decision on his future in the coming days. Liverpool hired Jorg Schmadtke as their new sporting director on Tuesday, with the German brought in to help the Reds in their transfer dealings. Finding a new midfielder is a key goal for Liverpool, who had been planning a move for Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham this summer. However, financial concerns saw them pull out of the race towards the end of the season and focus their efforts elsewhere. They were among the early suitors of Chelsea's Mason Mount, who will be sold this summer if an agreement over a new contract cannot be reached, but both Arsenal and Manchester United are preparing to launch rival bids.