It's expected to be a busy final few days in the summer transfer window for Tottenham, with a few deals still expected to be completed before the deadline. Spurs got a large amount of their business done early in the window, bolstering key areas of Antonio Conte's squad while ditching some deadwood. Yves Bissouma arrived from Brighton after free transfers for Ivan Perisic and Fraser Forster were confirmed, while forward Richarlison made the switch from Everton for  £60m. Clement Lenglet has signed on loan from Barcelona while Destiny Udogie is spending another season with Udinese after his transfer to north London was confirmed. Outcasts like Giovani Lo Celso, Tanguy Ndombele and Joe Rodon have been sent out on loan, while future prospects Troy Parrott and Dane Scarlett have dropped down the football pyramid for regular game time. With Champions League football and a hectic schedule to contend with before the winter World Cup, Spurs have made the majority of their summer additions but could still welcome some new blood to Hotspur Way. Harry Winks is closing in on a loan move to Serie A side Sampdoria having fallen out of the first-team picture at Tottenham, 90min understands. Having made his debut for Spurs in 2014, Winks has played 203 matches for the club, enjoying regular runs in the team under former manager Mauricio Pochettino. He made a handful of starts under Antonio Conte following Nuno Espirito Santo's departure but Rodrigo Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg have since established themselves as the first choice central midfield partnership. Yves Bissouma was brought in from Brighton and Oliver Skipp is a firmer option in midfield, meaning Winks is way down the pecking order in north London. Should the deal go ahead, the England international will join a Sampdoria side who are yet to pick up a win in Serie A this season, most recently shipping four goals to Salernitana. Spurs have also entered into talks to sign Atletico Madrid winger Yannick Carrasco. The Belgian has been with Atleti since 2015 - apart from two seasons in the Chinese Super League with Dalian Professional - and his positional versatility has made him a favoured target for Antonio Conte's 3-4-3 formation. 90min understands Carrasco is being pushed as an alternative to Nicolo Zaniolo, who Spurs have targeted throughout the summer as a fresh face at right wing back. Roma have been resistant to sell the starlet, though the Italy international's recent dislocated shoulder has not weakened Tottenham's interest. Conte has utilised Emerson Royal at right wing back during Spurs' first four Premier League outings, with Matt Doherty and summer signing Djed Spence also waiting in the wings. Pape Matar Sarr has been linked with a move away on loan this summer, with AC Milan said to be among the interested suitors. However, Winks impending move to Italy means Spurs are less willing to let him leave in case a more established option gets injured. Tottenham have concerns over Oliver Skipp, who has picked up injuries consistently over the past few years despite some promising performances in central midfield. He played in pre-season but is yet to win any league minutes. 90min understands Sarr will now stay at Tottenham for the first six months of the season at least. The club will revisit the situation in the January transfer window if Sarr wants out. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Lucas Paqueta's potential move to West Ham, Chelsea's plans to sign Anthony Gordon, Wesley Fofana and Arsen Zakharyan and the latest from Old Trafford. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Rumours over Adama Traore's future have been a little less rife over the summer than they were this time last year. The Wolves winger is a long-term target for Spurs, but they missed out on the Spain international when his former club Barcelona swooped in January to complete a loan deal. That homecoming didn't work out and he was somewhat forgotten by the Catalan giants as they moved onto bigger targets, electing not to make his move a permanent one.