The 2023 summer transfer window is in full swing and big moves are happening almost every day. Arguably the major theme of the window has been prominent players choosing to go and play in the Saudi Pro League, rather than remain in Europe. Every single transfer window in recent years has left us wondering how things can get any more dramatic, confusing and ridiculous, and 2023 certainly isn't looking to be any different. With the domestic leagues in Europe coming back much sooner than you might realise, some clubs will be getting concerned about a lack of business. That is when things can get really dramatic. The closer we get to the end of the transfer window, the weirder the deals become. Clubs realise they simply have to get a striker through the door, and they will pay what is needed even for a player they previously had little to no interest in. Think of Odion Ighalo or Wout Weghorst's spells at Manchester United.  manual Having opened on June 14, the summer transfer window for Premier League teams is going to slam shut on September 1, at 23:00 BST. That means that most teams will play around three league games before the window closes, providing further info as to whether new players are needed. The window will close at the same time in the EFL, but there will be some variation around the major leagues in Europe. Serie A, La Liga, the Bundesliga and Ligue 1 all shut on September 1, but the times are not the same for everyone which always causes an added layer of panic for clubs. The Dutch Eredivisie shuts on August 31, while Turkish and Portuguese clubs will be buying players up until September 15 and 22 respectively - opening up the possibility of sales without the ability to replace. Perhaps more importantly, the Saudi Pro League transfer window is open until September 20. *All times BST. League Date window closes Premier League September 1, 23:00 EFL  September 1, 23:00 La Liga September 1, 18:00 Serie A September 1, 19:00 Bundesliga  September 1, 17:00 Ligue 1 September 1, 22:00 Turkish Super Lig September 15 Dutch Eredivisie  September 22 Saudi Pro League September 20 While the Saudi Pro League may have been dominating the headlines with the likes of Kalidou Koulibaly, Roberto Firmino, Sergej Milinkovic-Savic and Karim Benzema heading there, the transfer fees have not been huge. It is the wages that are really shocking people.  In terms of the biggest fees, Declan Rice's move to Arsenal from West Ham was a whopper, as was Jude Bellingham's move from Borussia Dortmund to Real Madrid. The likes of Kai Havertz, Andre Onana, Mason Mount, Dominik Szoboszlai and Christopher Nkunku have all been the subjects of major moves. If any move is going to top the below list, it would be Kylian Mbappe's proposed  £259m switch to Al Hilal - though that's not a transfer he's currently interested in. Player Club left Club joined Fee Declan Rice West Ham  Arsenal  £100m ( £5m add-ons) Jude Bellingham Borussia Dortmund Real Madrid  £88m (25.6m add-ons) Kai Havertz Chelsea Arsenal  £65m Dominik Szoboszlai RB Leipzig Liverpool   £60m Mason Mount Chelsea Man United  £55m ( £5m add-ons) Sandro Tonali AC Milan Newcastle  £52m ( £8m add-ons) Christopher Nkunku RB Leipzig Chelsea  £52m Malcom Zenit Al Hilal  £51.4m Manuel Ugarte Sporting PSG  £51.2m Ruben Neves Wolves Al Hilal