Speaking ahead of his side's Europa League semi-final clash with Sevilla, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer alluded to the need to bring in players who are 'better' than the ones currently at the club and the fact that this will cost money. Moreover, he described the transfer market as a 'race' to sign targets. There appeared to be a hint of frustration in Solskjaer's comments due to the speed at which Manchester United are looking to conduct transfers. Indeed, every 'big six' club apart from United have strengthened already this summer.  Solskjaer once again sent another clear message out during the clash with Sevilla. With the Red Devils 2-1 down with ten minutes remaining, fans were expecting substitutions to be made. But instead, Solskjaer waited before opting to make a triple change in the 87th minute.  Daniel James. Juan Mata....and Timothy Fosu-Mensah.  For all the talk of signing Jadon Sancho this summer, this was a clear reminder that United's squad depth must be improved - particularly in attack. And the mere fact that the likes of Andreas Pereira and Jesse Lingard could be sold this summer only reinforces the need for this to happen.  One player who would help add strength in depth is Bournemouth's David Brooks. The Red Devils are said to hold a 'serious' interest in him and a potential move could progress relatively quickly. While some fans have alluded to the fact that signing Brooks would mean United call off their pursuit of Sancho, this doesn't have to be the case. Sport Witness are reporting that Manchester United have a serious interest in Bournemouth's David Brooks, and that developments could happen quickly ? Would be a good signing, but it's not Sancho level, maybe could be a Grealish replacement? ??? #MUFC pic.twitter.com/aXNXl3Elfe In fact, this shouldn't stop the Red Devils from pursuing their first-choice target. Ole has repeatedly spoken about the need to bring in players who will improve the overall level of the squad and help take the club to the next level. This can't be done with just one 'marquee' signing.  Yes, Sancho would most definitely help take United to the next level - which is why they are continuing to push so hard to sign him. But squad additions must also be made so that Solskjaer is able to turn to his bench and know that they can change the game with their quality - something he wasn't able to do against Sevilla.  This is what Brooks can bring. Capable of playing on either flank as well as in the middle as a creative midfielder, this would provide Solskjaer with a number of different options. He is most frequently deployed as a right-winger, but he enjoys cutting infield and linking up with his teammates. Equally, he has the acceleration to drive down the line and put in threatening crosses.  For United, it shouldn't simply be a case of 'either-or' with regards to Brooks and Sancho as they are two completely different footballers. More realistically, Brooks could be a Jack Grealish alternative, with Aston Villa holding out for  £80m for his services. United have shown a major interest in the Villa captain for a while, but this fee is likely to put them off.  The left-footed Brooks brings the same versatility and is also a creative player who has the right work ethic - and he would cost more than half the price. Indeed, the Wales international could be available for around  £35m. Solskjaer has consistently insisted that the club aren't just looking for talented footballers, but rather players with the right attitude and character. Brooks is a player who not only meets all the criteria in terms of his age, style of play and ability on the ball, but also his work ethic and general demeanour.  As a Man Utd fan himself, Brooks would understand what it means to pull on the shirt every game. Sure, he may not be a regular starter, but you would only need to look at how frequently the likes of Lingard, Andreas, Mata and James all featured in 2019/20 to see the amount of game time he would get.  United's starting XI almost picks itself at this moment in time, but the lack of strength in depth is made abundantly clear when Solskjaer rotates his team. The attacking players lack the creativity to break down a defence, but with the addition of Brooks, he has proven during his time in the Premier League that he has the quality to create chances with ease.  During his debut top flight campaign in 2018/19, the 23-year-old managed seven goals and five assists in 30 league appearances. Brooks acted as the link between the midfield and the attack, playing with real maturity and showing excellent decision-making to accompany his undoubted talent.  Of course, he was ruled out of for a large part of the 2019/20 season due to a long-term ankle injury and it took him a while to ease back into competitive action once he returned. But having now overcome his injury troubles and with some time off to rest and recover, he will be hoping to rediscover his best form next term.  This is a player with a point to prove - and what better place to prove it than with the team you support, eh?  £30m-35m for a squad addition may seem like a hefty price, but in reality, this is very reasonable. Not only has Brooks proven his Premier League quality, he is also still yet to reach the peak years of his career. With his skill, technical ability and reading of the game, United could be just the place for him to take the next step in his career.  He's too good for the Championship, that much is clear. There are a number of teams interested in him, but a move to Old Trafford makes sense for both player and club. A move for the Welshman shouldn't stop the Red Devils from pursuing Sancho, rather it would merely improve their squad depth, which is so desperately needed as they prepare to play Champions League football next term.  Solskjaer clearly isn't satisfied with his current options and there are sure to be some departures this summer, making the need for reinforcements even greater. Brooks ticks all the boxes needed for the boss in terms of the type of player he wants, while he also possesses the quality needed to make a real difference. 