One of the most sought-after stars in Europe right now is Benfica midfielder Enzo Fernandez. It was the case before the 2022 Qatar World Cup, and his performances there for Argentina have only intensified the interest in him. The 21-year-old has been very busy this season with Benfica and Argentina and he has shown he is ready to play consistently at the highest level. He has got four goal involvements in the league this season, and between the qualifying rounds and the group stage, he has played nine Champions League games with another four goal involvements. These figures are all after only joining Benfica from River Plate in July 2022. He has settled in Lisbon extremely quickly and it seems likely he will be leaving after just one season. Which clubs look the most serious about signing him? Chelsea certainly appear to be in the market for at least one new central midfielder and as well as Jude Bellingham, Fernandez looks to be a very credible target. The likes of Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic have been leaving a little to be desired for Graham Potter since he took over, while N'Golo Kante looks set to leave the club. There is space for Fernandez in that midfield and Chelsea certainly have the financial power to bring the Argentinian to the club. Reports from Spain and Argentina recently suggested it is actually Manchester United who are leading the race to sign Fernandez. It is not entirely clear where he would fit into the United midfield as he would probably need to take the place of either Christian Eriksen or Casemiro. The majority of United's cash is likely to be piled into signing a new striker in the summer if they do not do so in January, but there is always a chance there will be enough left over to bring Fernandez in too. It seems likely Real Madrid will be signing either Jude Bellingham or Enzo Fernandez, something which could be said for every team on this list. Los Blancos need to prepare for a time without Luka Modric and Toni Kross, which will presumably come within the next season or two. Having Aurelien Tchouameni and Eduardo Camavinga in the squad is a great start, and Fernandez could be the energetic creator they need to tie that all together.