Leandro Trossard says he is excited to get started at new club Arsenal following his move from Brighton. The Belgian demanded a departure from the south coast and alleged a disagreement with head coach Roberto De Zerbi. Arsenal and Brighton quickly agreed a  £27m deal and Trossard was announced as a Gunner on Friday.    I   m really excited to get started,    he told Arsenal.com.    This is a big club and I   m ready to show the fans what I can do. Everyone has seen how well we   re doing already and I   m here to help achieve their dreams - including myself.    I   m going to take it day by day, work hard and try to help the team to achieve their goals. [I want to] get better as well. I know the manager is a great coach and I hope to be involved in doing great things and getting better as a player in every aspect.    I   m really excited to see the fans in the stadium. I hope I can give you my all. I want to try and create as many magic moments as possible, and hopefully we can celebrate together.    They told me they really like me as a player, that I would really suit the system and how they want to play. It helps me that I   m versatile and that I can play in different positions. They   re looking forward to working with me and vice versa. I   m really excited to work with them and I think Mikel is a top coach. Trossard scored seven league goals for Brighton during the first half of the season and the 28-year-old added he is glad for the opportunity at a big club like Arsenal. On this edition of  The Chronicles of a Gooner, part of the 90min podcast network,  Harry Symeou  discusses Arsenal's signing of Brighton winger Leandro Trossard and the pursuit of Spezia's Polish defender Jakub Kiwior. If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast!    This has been my best season in the Premier League,    he added.    We did a great job at Brighton and my form there has been really good. After the World Cup, I didn   t play much because of the situation but I   m just so excited to start here with Arsenal and show myself on the biggest stage for a top club.