The World Cup is football's biggest stage - a stage upon which stars are born and thrive. Performances of a lifetime often lead to blockbuster moves (usually summer moves, but hey-ho) for some of the biggest names in world football. And therefore, for the biggest clubs around the world, the World Cup is the perfect scouting platform - and clubs don't get much bigger than Real Madrid. The pivot of perennial transfer speculation, Los Blancos will undoubtedly be in the hunt for new players in Qatar, in the hope of improving upon their current Champions League-winning squad. The areas Carlo Ancelotti's side could look to strengthen, though, are across the back four, another midfield starlet (guess who) and a successor for the front line. Here are 10 players that could be on Real's radar. This transfer saga is most definitely not over.Kylian Mbappe seems destined to find himself in the white of Real Madrid one day and, set to be France's talismanic attacking epicentre throughout the World Cup, could the club refuse the electric sensation? January will likely come too soon, although who knows what could still happen in this convoluted story?  If anyone didn't realise just how special Jude Bellingham was before the 2022 World Cup, his exploits with England in Qatar will surely let them know. The 19-year-old has kicked off his maiden World Cup appearance in typically dynamic and stunning fashion and, having been linked with the biggest clubs across Europe for a while now, Los Blancos will definitely want to sneak in before anyone else to just really make sure their midfield is set for the next 15 years.  Another option for Los Blancos in reinforcing their young and talented midfield future is Bellingham's compatriot Declan Rice.The Spanish giants are said to be keen on the West Ham midfielder and are tracking him in Qatar. With his ability to conduct proceedings and drive games forward, his composed and authority-oozing style of play just suits Real's inherent superiority.With a solid World Cup campaign to his name, top clubs will likely be even hotter on Rice - likely including the current European champions.  The centre of defence is another area in which Los Blancos could look to invest. Despite signing Antonio Rudiger and David Alaba over the past two summers, Real don't boast a huge depth in the position. Villarreal man Pau Torres was another name linked with a move to the Spanish capital in the summer and, should he impress with Spain this winter, rumours of a move to the white side of Madrid may not die down.  One of the main issues in the back four, though, is on the left. Ferland Mendy is an excellent full-back on his day; the only issue is that his day simply doesn't come consistently enough for a club with the stature of Real Madrid. Canada starlet Alphonso Davies simply boasts heightened versions of Mendy's qualities; pace, quality on the ball, awareness and defensive ability - the Canadian has it all.A good campaign with Canada in Qatar - after a difficult penalty miss in their opener against Belgium - would likely seal Los Blancos' interest in the Bayern Munich man, although the fee required to lure him from the hands of the Bavarian giants might raise a problem. Another prospect plying his trade in the Bundesliga is Borussia Dortmund starlet Youssoufa Moukoko, who earned a maiden international call-up for the World Cup.The 18-year-old has been talked about as a long-term successor to Karim Benzema, whose best days look to be fading courtesy of injury woes.After previously struggling to really adapt to senior football in BVB yellow, the teenager has this season notched ten goal involvements in his 14 German top-flight appearances before travelling to Qatar and a breakthrough performance at the tournament would certainly grab the attention of Europe's biggest clubs. A more known entity in Hansi Flick's Germany squad is Serge Gnabry, who has previously been linked with a move away from Bayern.Potential outgoings like Marco Asensio and Eden Hazard could free up some space for attacking players in Ancelotti's squad and, boasting stunning creative and killer quality, Gnabry's World Cup campaign could conclude with talks with European giants outside of Germany.  A hugely exciting forward, 23-year-old Cody Gakpo has understandably garnered interest from across the continent's top leagues.Invariably, Real Madrid have been touted as a potential next step for the impressive Dutchman, whose goal against Senegal to kick off his World Cup campaign could set up a journey to remember. 