Despite spending a club-record  £35m to bring 18-year-old Fabio Silva to the club in the summer transfer window, injury has suddenly left Wolves seriously short of attacking fire power. Silva was clearly brought in as the eventual heir to Raul Jimenez. The 29-year-old has been a sensation since initially moving to Molineux on loan in 2018, bagging 47 goals in 110 games for the club. However, a fractured skull suffered against Arsenal has left him out of action for the foreseeable future, while Wolves look a little impotent in the final third. It's a freak injury and a complete accident that simply cannot be blamed on anyone, although Wolves' decision to play the risky game and head into the season without much of a plan B could be questioned. Here's who Nuno Espirito Santo's side should target in the January transfer window. It's hard not to get clich   when discussing the January transfer window because, frankly, getting a good deal is difficult.Liverpool as the defending Premier League champions probably aren't likely to move on Divock Origi to a fellow club in the top half of the league, but they might budge for the right price given that they could use the money to fund their own deals for defensive cover.Origi is Premier League proven, more experienced than Silva and can score when faith is put in him. He's also versatile, which is key in Wolves' dynamic attack. Maxi Gomez signed with Valencia in 2019 and would excel in the Premier League thanks to his physical attributes.The 24-year-old excels in hold-up play, linking midfield to attack and can finish the ball on the floor and in the air. And while he lacks the burst of pace that might be desired as a change of gear, Wolves have that around him which compensates sufficiently.The issue? A  £125m release clause. Negotiations might be difficult despite Valencia's financial problems. The man that seemed destined for a move to England in 2016/17, Andrea Belotti's transfer never happened and many forgot about him completely.That doesn't mean he's not a candidate, however. Belotti has re-discovered his prolific form over the past two seasons in a struggling Torino side and would now be available at a more affordable price than in previous seasons.And at 27, he's of an ideal age to bridge the gap between Jimenez and Silva. Strikers simply don't come more physically imposing than Wout Weghorst.The man is a genetic freak as Scott Steiner would suggest; his six foot six frame stands him in good stead to be a WWE champion, let alone a Premier League calibre footballer. And while being so tall might allude to him being limited elsewhere, the Dutchman is a complete forward.Solid hold up play, technical ability and a ruthless finisher in behind the defence, Weghorst could link up nicely with Wolves' tricky dribblers and passers.