Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane was quick to dodge questions about his future at the club, insisting his focus is elsewhere during the current international break. Varane will enter the final 12 months of his current contract this summer, and although Real want to keep the Frenchman, he is expected to be sold this summer if he refuses to put pen to paper, with Manchester United often rumoured to be keen. The latest rumours suggest that Varane is leaning towards walking away from Real and could even hand in a transfer request this summer to try and force an exit, but he was not interested in talking about that during a recent interview with Europe1.    I am not going to state the obvious, I have already expressed myself a lot on the subject,    he responded when asked whether there was any truth in the rumours.    I think it has already been said and the situation has not changed.    I am two days away from an international match with the national team, I am concentrating on that. I don   t want to answer that question on my future.    The attention soon turned to some of Varane's fellow Frenchmen. Firstly, it was Real target Kylian Mbappe who was put under the spotlight, and Varane confessed that he would love the chance to team up with the PSG star at club level.    He   s still young but he has made huge progress and he keeps developing," he said.    He   s becoming an all-around player and he   s still a goalscorer, he   s one of the best.    My goal is to play alongside the best players and Kylian is one of the best players in European football.    Finally, Varane was also asked about the future of manager Zinedine Zidane. The Real boss is believed to be at risk of losing his job this summer and has been touted as a potential replacement for France's Didier Deschamps, whose contract will expire after the 2022 World Cup.    It   s a possibility," Varane said of Zidane moving to France.    The French national team is a target for every French coach, it   s normal that he   s potentially considered but it   s not something relevant now.