90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain are furious with Real Madrid over their role in the Kylian Mbappe transfer saga and are prepared to take 'revenge' on the Spanish side by launching bids for four players: Eduardo Camavinga, Aurelien Tchouameni, Rodrygo and Nico Paz. (Defensa Central) Chelsea and Manchester City are both ready to step up their pursuits of Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise. (Mirror) There is also interest from Chelsea in PSG midfielder Leandro Paredes, who is seen as a potential alternative to Moises Caicedo. (Evening Standard) Manchester United's attempts to sign Fiorentina midfielder Sofyan Amrabat have been complicated by interest from Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool. (Independent) Everton have now moved to the front of the queue for Man Utd centre-back Harry Maguire ahead of both Tottenham and West Ham. (Football Insider) With concerns over Andy Robertson's suitability for his new role, Liverpool are still looking to sign a new left-sided centre-back this summer. (Liverpool Echo) manual PSG offered Neymar to Barcelona as part of their pursuit of Ousmane Dembele but Barca boss Xavi rejected the reunion. (Sport) To replace Dembele, Barcelona are expected to step up their pursuit of Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva, who expects to be allowed to leave for the right price. (Mundo Deportivo) Barcelona are also set to meet with the agent of Alexis Sanchez, who is available on a free transfer and could be brought back for a second spell at Camp Nou. (Jose Tomas Fernandez) Clement Lenglet is resisting Barcelona's attempts to sell him to Al Nassr as he wants to return to Tottenham. (Sport) Lenglet could be brought in as a replacement for both Joe Rodon and Davinson Sanchez, who have been told they are free to leave Tottenham this summer. (Evening Standard) Willian has agreed personal terms with Saudi side Al Shabab just days after signing a new contract with Fulham and now wants to leave Craven Cottage. (Fabrizio Romano)