Kepa Arrizabalaga has confirmed he hopes to seal a permanent move to Real Madrid after joining the Spanish side on an initial loan from Chelsea. After Thibaut Courtois went down with a serious knee injury, Madrid began searching for a new goalkeeper and eventually settled on Kepa, who joined on Monday in a loan deal which does not include the option for Madrid to make the move permanent. Even though there is no purchase clause in Kepa's loan contract, the 28-year-old made it clear he is looking to stay in Madrid for the foreseeable future. "I really hope Real Madrid will keep me at the end of the season," he told a press conference when asked if he wants to stay at Madrid. "Today is the first day of my assignment. We have time, we'll see.  "Hopefully with my performance I can make that happen." feed Madrid president Florentino Perez was eager to welcome Kepa, who he described as "one of the best goalkeepers in the world." "Dear Kepa, welcome to your new home. We know very well what it means to you at this moment and how hard you have worked to be able to defend the jersey and the crest of Real Madrid," Perez said. "We're delighted to have you on board because you're one of the best goalkeepers in the world and we want to continue building on one of the most successful cycles in our history. "You're also one of the great Spanish goalkeepers. This may be one of the most important moments of your whole professional career and, we hope, of your life. Your hard work, your talent, your commitment, the tireless support of your family and, of course, the will to be a member of the best club in the world have brought you this far. "You will now experience the emotion of playing at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium, where you will understand its magic and where you will feel the passion from Real Madrid fans, surrounded by a unique fan base that gives their all for Real Madrid. Don't have any doubts, our fans will support you in taking on this challenge that is part of your biggest dreams. Dear Kepa, there are only a few who can experience the emotions that you are about to experience. This new period begins here with this crest full of trophies and unrenounceable values."