A tearful Casemiro has said goodbye to Real Madrid as he prepares to seal a move to Manchester United in the coming days. The Brazilian has agreed a huge move to Old Trafford which could be worth  £70m after add-ons, having expressed a desire to experience a new challenge following a seven-year spell at the Bernabeu which yielded countless trophies. Real sent Casemiro a classy message after confirming the transfer and now the midfielder has returned the favour. "When my wife and I arrived here, I didn't know anyone," Casemiro told a farewell conference as he fought to overcome a flood of tears. "We were going to a new country, to a club where many people didn't know us...and we have built our life here. Our family.  "I dreamed of being able to play here when I left Sao Paulo. I was clear that I wanted to play in the first team. But before that, I had to play for the Castilla. It was a great journey because I learned values in the academy which is the most beautiful thing about this club. The future is the academy. "What I learned here makes me strong enough to continue at a great club like Manchester United. Thank you, Mr President. With you leading, this club will have a bright future and will continue to win. Hala Madrid." He added: "I will try to speak from the heart. I have won many titles but the greatest thing was being able to come to training every day. Thank God for the titles, but with the help of my family, my wife - who has given me two beautiful children - the president... thank you all very much. "Thanks to my teammates, without them this would not have been possible. But I cannot leave without talking about two: [Luka] Modric and [Toni] Kroos. I have enjoyed playing football with them a lot. "One day I will surely return to continue helping this club." The emotion was shared by president Florentino Perez, who admitted he did not think he would ever be saying goodbye to Casemiro. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! "The myth of Real Madrid is achieved with special footballers who are capable of creating legends. Casemiro is one of out great references, who has led us to the conquest of five Champions Leagues, among many other titles," Perez said. "I remember the boy who arrived at the Castilla at 20 years old, and I remember your extraordinary 20 minutes in Dortmund. You came with determination to leave your soul to succeed at Real Madrid. I never thought that this day could come.