Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is edging closer to a summer move to Chelsea, amid reports that he's already decided to join Frank Lampard's side. Havertz is keen to leave Leverkusen this summer after ten years on the club's books, but the cost ofa potential transfer has limited the number of suitors vying to sign the German. Neither Real Madrid nor Bayern Munich can come close to Leverkusen's  £90m demands - owing to a strain in finances caused by coronavirus - leaving Chelsea as the frontrunners for his signature. There have been countless reports suggesting Chelsea are confident of getting a deal done, and now according to Kicker (via Sportbuzzer), Havertz has already decided that he wants to be playing his football at Stamford Bridge next summer. It recently emerged that Havertz wants to join a club with an exciting long-term project and is not concerned about whether they are already in the Champions League. Chelsea's three-year plan was enough to convince Timo Werner and appears to have had the same impact on Havertz. With the 21-year-old now keen on a move to London, it all comes down to the cost. Leverkusen are keen to receive  £90m to part ways with their superstar, but Chelsea are understood to value Havertz at closer to  £70m. Sport Bild's Christian Falk added Leverkusen are determined to stand firm on their asking price, but they would listen to bids which included add-ons and various clauses - which would help Chelsea find that extra  £20m if they cannot negotiate a discount. Additionally, there doesn't seem to be any real rush to get this one over the line. Havertz is expected to play for Leverkusen in the Europa League, which is due to start in August and will run until one week after the Champions League comes to a close. Until now, Chelsea have made a point of getting their business done early - which is reminiscent of the summer of 2014, when the Blues landed Cesc F  bregas, Diego Costa and Filipe Lu  s before their rivals even had a chance to compose themselves. 1     £2     £ goals6     £ assists Watch every Bundesliga goal involvement from @kaihavertz29 in 2019/20 ?? pic.twitter.com/PB79wnCsIn