Chelsea are in advanced talks with the representatives of Paris Saint-Germain defender Thiago Silva over a potential free transfer this summer. The Blues are on the lookout for somebody to come and fix their infamously leaky defence but have found deals hard to come by, with primary targets like West Ham's Declan Rice and Atl  tico Madrid's Jos   Gim  nez both too expensive. With a blockbuster deal for Bayer Leverkusen's Kai Havertz still on the agenda, as well as finding a new goalkeeper and left-back, splashing out  £80m on a new centre-back is obviously not feasible, so that's where Silva comes in. Links to the Brazilian first surfaced a few days ago and The Athletic state that the two parties have been deep in discussions for the last few days to try and find an agreement over a contract. Silva's contract with PSG will come to an end this summer and the Champions League finalists have already confirmed he will leave the club this summer, meaning he will be available on a free transfer. Chelsea see adding someone of Silva's experience on a free transfer as a smart piece of business, but a deal is not yet thought to be close as the two sides are yet to settle on the length of any potential contract. Silva, who will turn 36 in September, is looking for a two-year contract, but Chelsea are hesitant to offer such a commitment to the Brazilian. The Blues have long preferred to hand their veterans one year contracts, although they have gone against that policy on occasion in the past. David Luiz penned a two year contract before being sold to Arsenal last summer, while Willian was offered two years of his own before sealing his own move to the Gunners, and it remains to be seen whether Chelsea will give in to Silva as well. In case a deal cannot be reached, Chelsea are considering other targets. Rice and Gim  nez appear to be too expensive, but one player on the radar who would be slightly more affordable is Brighton and Hove Albion's Lewis Dunk. Preliminary talks have been held with the Seagulls over a transfer, and Dunk believes he would be allowed to leave if a substantial offer was made, but Chelsea have baulked at Brighton's  £50m valuation and have not taken things any further.