Nottingham Forest's summer transfer business has been extensive, to say the least. Steve Cooper's side have signed 12 players in all, including a couple of players destined for the club's Under-23s, and have made Jesse Lingard the highest paid player in Forest's long and illustrious history. Owner Evangelos Marinakis has shown a clear willingness to give Forest the best possible chance of staying up, but with three weeks left until the September 1 deadline, it's unlikely that the club's transfer activity has finished just yet. In the pipeline are potential signings up front and in midfield, while Forest also harbour ambitions of adding to their already bulky defensive unit. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Sean Walsh  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Watford have surprisingly entered the 2022/23 Championship season with Emmanuel Dennis, Ismaila Sarr and Joao Pedro - three extremely talented players - still on their books. But in three weeks time, there's every chance that Joao Pedro will be the only one remaining at Vicarage Road, and Dennis could be plying his trade at the City Ground. 90min understands that talks have been held between Forest and Watford, and a  £20m bid has been lodged for a player who impressed greatly during his maiden season in the Premier League. Dennis scored 10 goals in 33 appearances, and although his output slowed down towards the end of the season - coinciding with Watford's wretched run of form - the Nigerian showed great versatility to play on both flanks and up front; something Steve Cooper is sure to be impressed by. Ironically, his replacement at Watford could be Keinan Davis - who was on loan at Forest last season and will be allowed to leave Aston Villa. 90min also understands negotiations with Atalanta over a deal for Switzerland midfielder Remo Freuler are at an advanced stage. Freuler wants to try his hand in the Premier League and would provide further competition for places in the heart of Forest's midfield. The 30-year-old has extensive experience of playing in European competition - he's featured in both the Champions League and Europa League - and has been capped 46 times by his country. The transfer is expected to set Forest back in the region of  £10m, continuing the club's huge summer of spending. One player who is unlikely to be turning up at Nottingham Forest is Wolves midfielder Morgan Gibbs-White. Impressive in a loan spell at Sheffield United last season, Forest had hoped they could prise Gibbs-White away with the offer of regular Premier League football. 90min understands that a club-record approach in excess of  £20m was made in June, but Wolves have indicated to Forest - as well as Everton and other interested parties - that they don't want to sell. Gibbs-White started Wolves' first game of the 2022/23 Premier League season, further showing that he is a part of Bruno Lage's plans moving forward.