It's been a tough few years for Atletico Madrid and Portugal star Joao Felix. Having set the world alight during a solitary senior season at Benfica, Felix moved to Atleti in 2019 for eye-watering  £113m. Unfortunately, the attacker's creative instincts have been nullified in La Liga, while he's often had to accommodate ageing star Cristiano Ronaldo at international level. Hints from Atleti seem to indicate Felix has little future at Estadio Metropolitano, though any imminent transfer will require a hefty bid from the buying club as Atleti try to recoup some of that hefty outlay. Here's who should be looking to snap up the versatile forward. It's no secret that Man Utd are on the hunt for a new forward. Ronaldo left in a huff and fitness issues continue to plague Anthony Martial - the Frenchman did play in United's 4-2 friendly defeat to Cadiz on Wednesday, however. Marcus Rashford and Antony have been United's main goal threats so far this season with four and three Premier League efforts apiece. Felix's numbers are hardly an improvement, striking three times in La Liga this term, while he has only broken the ten-goal barrier once in his young career so far. He is unlikely to be the Red Devils' main transfer target in January, though. Erik ten Hag and co have been convinced by the Netherlands' Cody Gakpo during the World Cup and the PSV Eindhoven star could arrive at Old Trafford before Felix. Bayern Munich had a regular supplier of goals for many years in the form of Robert Lewandowski, but his departure earlier in 2022 has left a void up front. Creative forwards like Jamal Musiala and Serge Gnabry have fired Bayern to the top of the Bundesliga after a wobbly start, while summer acquisition Sadio Mane is still acclimatising to life at the Allianz Arena. The renaissance of Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting up front has also lessened the German giants' need for a new striker somewhat. Todd Boehly has waltzed into Chelsea and made the place his own since taking over Roman Abramovich. The American billionaire even has Blues fans scared that they could sign Ronaldo due to the co-owner's desire for a high-profile move. Chelsea have historically struggled when splashing out for new strikers and the recent failure of Romelu Lukaku's return could provide doubts on a January move for Felix. The west Londoners already have a bloated squad which needs trimming and an expensive move for an underperforming player may not prove too appealing to the new hierarchy. Kylian Mbappe. Lionel Messi. Neymar. Joao Felix? Paris Saint-Germain have already shown they are not afraid to take on the game's biggest superstars.  Money is also not an issue. Backed by Qatar Sports Investments worth around  £338bn, PSG have the capital to make moves in every transfer window so long as they fall within FFP parameters. However, manager Christophe Galtier has managed to find that elusive balance between attack and defence and adding another blockbuster attacker into the mix while retaining that stability would be tough. Swapping Atletico for Real hasn't proved to be an issue for players in the past. Stars like Alvaro Morata, Jose Antonio Reyes and Thibaut Courtois have all played for both Madrid sides over the years.