Real Madrid are prepared to step up their pursuit of Tottenham striker Harry Kane after confirming the departure of Karim Benzema, 90min understands. Benzema had been expected to announce his exit from Real on Saturday during a press conference but kept his cards close to his chest and was later understood to have decided to stay in Madrid for at least another season. However, the Frenchman returned to his original decision and Real confirmed on Sunday the veteran striker would depart this summer after 14 years at the Santiago Bernabeu. As 90min reported earlier this month, Kane has been identified as Carlo Ancelotti's preferred replacement for the departing Frenchman and sources have confirmed plans are being put in place to try to lure Kane over to Madrid. Kane sits atop a shortlist which includes a number of possible targets, including Chelsea's Kai Havertz, Napoli's Victor Osimhen and Espanyol's Joselu, and Real officials are keen to force their way to the front of the queue for his signature. feed Kane has just one year left on his contract at Tottenham and is the subject of interest from both Manchester United and Bayern Munich, but Real's pressing need for a new striker has seen them enter the race. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy does not want to sell Kane but would prefer to do business with an overseas club if his hand is forced, which could give Real the edge. However, convincing Kane to leave England, where he sits just 47 goals behind Alan Shearer in the Premier League's all-time scoring charts, is not expected to be an easy task for Real or any other overseas suitor. Real Madrid are prepared to reshuffle their forward line this summer after confirming the departures of Benzema, Marco Asensio, Mariano Diaz and Eden Hazard on free transfers, leaving them light on options for next season. As it stands, only Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo and 18-year-old Alvaro Rodriguez are contracted to Real next year when it comes to forwards, forcing Los Blancos into action this summer.