Cristiano Ronaldo is looking for a way out of Manchester United, and his next landing spot could be alongside Jose Mourinho at Roma. Sporting Lisbon are also interested in the 37-year-old. Manchester United and Barcelona are currently    20m ( £17.2m) apart in their valuation of Frenkie de Jong, although talks are ongoing. Arsenal intend to continue spending this summer after capturing Fabio Vieira from Porto. Negotiations are continuing with Leicester over a move for central midfielder Youri Tielemans, and Leeds winger Raphinha is a target. The Gunners are also 'cautiously optimistic' of luring Gabriel Jesus to the Emirates Stadium from Premier League champions Manchester City. Mikel Arteta also wants a left-sided central defender, and has Ajax's Lisandro Martinez in his sights. Chelsea are leading Real Madrid and Barcelona in the race to sign Juventus and Netherlands defender Matthijs de Ligt. Liverpool intend to move for Borussia Dortmund and England midfielder Jude Bellingham next summer. The Reds have finally agreed a deal with Bayern Munich for forward Sadio Mane, which will pocket the club just shy of  £40m.  Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta will need to put in a former transfer request for the club to allow him to join Barcelona. Watford forward Emmanuel Dennis is on Everton's shortlist of possible replacements for Richarlison. The Hornets forward is valued at around  £20m, and has also been courting interest from Europa League semi-finalists West Ham. Tottenham are one of the clubs interested in Richarlison, but they're also focusing their efforts on tying Harry Kane down to a new contract. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers,  with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. On their most packed show to date, the guys discuss Liverpool's signing of Darwin Nunez, how Marc Roca joining Leeds could allow Kalvin Phillips to depart for long-time admirers Manchester City, the latest on Manchester United   s pursuits of Frenkie de Jong & Antony and much more. Manchester City may have missed out on 19-year-old Le Havre defender Isaak Toure, after a late move from Marseille. Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel wants to replace Romelu Lukaku with Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski. Lukaku is a loan target for former club Inter, after a desperately disappointing first season back at Stamford Bridge, while Lewandowski is one of Barcelona's main targets. Paris Saint-Germain are closing on the signing of Porto midfielder Vitinha after triggering the    40m release clause written into his contract. Nottingham Forest have resigned themselves to the fact that Djed Spence, who played a key role in their promotion to the Premier League, is likely to join Tottenham on a permanent deal.