David Moyes has revealed he intends to 'go in a completely different direction' to previous West Ham regimes when it comes to transfer business, stating that he feels he has the trust of the board in doing so. The Hammers have been far from thrifty in the transfer markets in recent years, with the club breaking their transfer record twice following the arrivals of Sebastien Haller and Felipe Anderson.  Neither of the big-money signings have worked out as hoped, with the former recently signing for Eredivisie champions Ajax in a cut-price deal. However, since Moyes' arrival at West Ham, there's been a very different feel to their business. Both Jarrod Bowen and Said Benrahma have been plucked from the Championship and are beginning to show their class in the top tier, while Czech Republic internationals Tomas Soucek and Vladimir Coufal have proven to be quality purchases. And following some astute signings, Moyes is convinced he has the confidence of the club's hierarchy and fan base to be allowed to build a squad of players that he feels is able to compete at the top end of the Premier League.    All managers need a level of trust whether from the owners or the supporters. You don't always get it,    he said in his latest press conference, quoted by the Mirror. "I've had to keep the team up twice to gain that.    Now I want the recruitment to go in a completely different direction. This is a monster of a club. We are trying our best to make sure we turn it around.    The departure of Haller has seen the Hammers linked with a whole host of forwards across Europe, with 90min exclusively revealing they're keeping tabs on highly-rated Sparta Prague forwardAdam Hlozek. However, with deals proving hard to come by this January, the clamour for academy prospect Mipo Odubeko to be afforded his chance has begun to grow, though Moyes revealed it could be some time before he's a regular in the first-team setup - despite his late appearance in the FA Cup win over Stockport. Happy to have made my @WestHam debut and more importantly be into the next round! Blessed to be back playing after 4 months out.     pic.twitter.com/aSTBskJGo4