You might not have noticed, but Chelsea have spent a penny or two this summer. The Blues have been incredibly active in the transfer market, bringing in Hakim Ziyech, Thiago Silva, Kai Havertz, Thiago Silva and Ben Chilwell for close to the  £200m mark.  It's the kind of spending power which almost no other club on the planet can match this summer, with the coronavirus outbreak crippling finances all over the world. However, Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has seen this summer as the chance to strike some deals and is keen to make the most of the lack of competition. First day at Cobham for @KaiHavertz29! ? #HiKai pic.twitter.com/6C5Ol6Eh2E Unsurprisingly, it's ruffled more than a few feathers. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live's Premier League Preview, Liverpool manager J  rgen Klopp insisted that the Reds do things their own way, which is often easier than spending money.    We live in a world at the moment with a lot of uncertainty," he began. "For some clubs it seems less important how uncertain the future is: [those] owned by countries, owned by oligarchs, that   s the truth. We   re a different kind of club.    We got to the Champions League final two years ago, we won it last year, and became Premier League champions last season by being the club we are, by leading the way we are led.    We cannot just change it overnight and say,    So now we want to behave like Chelsea   . Now they are signing a lot of players. That can be an advantage, of course, but that means they have to fit together pretty quickly as well. "You cannot bring in the 11 best players and hope a week later they play the best football ever. It   s about working together on the training ground.    We'll just ignore the  £67m spent on Alisson or the  £75m on Virgil van Dijk - both of which set world records for their respective positions - shall we? Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer also got in on the fun, suggesting that Chelsea have gone for a 'quick fix', rather than developing over time.    It is never easy to have too many new players in the team, it takes time for players to gel into a unit," he said. "We have seen some clubs go for the quick fix and some have trust in the process. We have to improve and get results but adding players with different qualities than we have.   