Harry Kane and Tottenham Hotspur are willing to reassess negotiations over a new contract once the club appoint a new head coach, 90min understands. The England captain, who is a transfer target for both Manchester United and Bayern Munich, has just over a year remaining on his current deal and is yet to agree terms over an extension. 90min first revealed in May 2022 that Kane was willing to extend his stay at Spurs and he was very happy working under Antonio Conte, but the footballing landscape has changed a fair bit since then. Bayern Munich made their interest very public last summer to Conte's annoyance, while Tottenham have underperformed against expectations this season, leading to the Italian head coach's departure last month. It had been expected that Conte was not going to lead Spurs into the 2023/24 season, and 90min reported in March that the club's hierarchy were willing to involve Kane in the decision-making process behind hiring a new head coach as part of their attempts to convince him to stay. 90min now understands that Kane will reassess his stance once a permanent successor to Conte has been appointed, and while Tottenham have long been confident that their all-time record scorer will stay in north London, they will not push him for a decision until a new head coach is in the dugout. Burnley boss Vincent Kompany is being considered by Spurs, though ex-Bayern Munich manager Julian Nagelsmann and Brighton's Roberto De Zerbi are currently unconvinced by the prospect of taking over. During Tottenham's 2-1 win against Brighton last week, home fans loudly chanted the name of former manager Mauricio Pochettino, who would be interested in taking the job but would prefer to wait until the summer to decide his own future. Luis Enrique, who has held talks with Chelsea this month over their vacancy, is another target for Tottenham. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Kane remains Bayern Munich's top striker target this summer, with the Bavarians' need for a natural centre forward emphasised in their recent Champions League defeat to Manchester City. While Kane would like to break Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League scoring record and is only 55 away from matching his total of 260, it remains to be seen whether he would jeopardise this with a move abroad. Manchester United also retain a firm interest in Kane, though are adamant they will not be dragged into a bidding war or a protracted transfer saga. They also believe that Spurs chairman Daniel Levy would make negotiations very difficult even if Kane were to dig his heels in. Levy famously drew the ire of Sir Alex Ferguson after selling them Dimitar Berbatov in 2008, with the former manager writing in his book: "That whole experience was more painful than my hip replacement!" LISTEN NOW