Exclusive - Barcelona presidential candidate Jordi Farre has named Manchester United's Marcus Rashford among the forwards he 'likes most in the world' as he discussed the Catalan club's need to strengthen in attack. Barcelona are currently preparing for presidential elections, which will take place in January, following Josep Maria Bartomeu's resignation back in October. Among the most high profile candidates is 45-year-old Farre, who is running under the slogan 'La Gran Remuntada' (the Great Comeback) and has hit the headlines for his promises which include free pizzas and tattoos for club members, plus the return of Neymar. It's been a tricky year for Barcelona, who amid the off-field turmoil of a financial crisis and Lionel Messi's transfer request, have struggled in La Liga - currently sitting fifth in the table eight points behind leaders Atletico Madrid. Managing squad renovation in the time of the pandemic and its economic implications has been a regular talking point for would-be Barcelona presidents.  Speaking to 90min.es, Farre outlined the areas of the team he thinks need strengthening. "I thought that Bar  a needed a centre back but if we look at how [Ronald] Araujo and [Oscar] Mingueza are playing, they have even displaced [Clement] Lenglet," Farre said. "In the end, if Araujo, Mingueza, [Gerard] Pique and Lenglet are available to play, then the centre back position would be more or less full. "But I also said that we need a forward, I think we need a goalscorer and I think [Martin] Braithwaite needs a substitute or a better starter, right? "I think Braithwaite can be a very good option, but he should be the fifth or sixth player in the Bar  a forward line." Farre then went on to list three forwards he likes and would presumably like to see targeted in addition to Neymar. He continued: "Look, there is one that I   ve liked for a long time and yesterday he scored a great goal. I have not seen it but they have told me that it is spectacular that it is Raul de Tomas [of Espanyol]. "I think he is a player who has many things to succeed - he has some injury problems and that - but I also like [Erling] Haaland, Raul de Tomas, Rashford - I also like him.  I think there are very interesting players." He added: "Rashford is one of the footballers I like most in the world." For everyone who, over the last 12 months, has stepped in to support our most vulnerable children, thank you. This one is for you   ¥    #spoty pic.twitter.com/HRizTxBBWv 23-year-old Rashford is currently under contract until 2023 at Old Trafford, while United maintain an option to extend his deal a further year.