Pedro is edging closer to a Stamford Bridge exit, with talks between the Chelsea winger and Roma on the verge of conclusion. The World Cup winner is poised to depart the club when his contract expires on 30 June, bringing his five-year stay in west London to an end. An assortment of sides of shown an interest in snapping up the 32-year-old on a free transfer, with former Chelsea manager Maurizio Sarri reportedly keen on a reunion at Juventus. However, Roma have remained in pole position, and according to Goal, discussions between Pedro and the Serie A side have been edging towards a conclusion in the last 48 hours. The pair have been in negotiations since April, with Roma reported to have tabled a contract offer worth in the region of  £3m per year. The coronavirus outbreak has triggered financial uncertainty across football, and if Roma are successful in snapping up Pedro on a free transfer, it could pan out to be one of the bargains of the summer. In addition to Serie A rivals Juventus, Sevilla, Valencia and Real Betis all showed an interest in bringing Pedro back to his native Spain as his Chelsea contract ticked down. In England, Newcastle had been mooted as a possible destination with their impending Saudi-backed takeover giving them a cash injection, although that talk has since faded.  #Repost     @chelseafc     A message from @_pedro17_: Please keep calm, stay at home, stay isolated, because this virus can really be quite dangerous and hard to control. I hope we'll all be able to see each other soon, doing what we love, playing football, and that you will all be able to enjoy this wonderful sport as soon as possible. Simply keep calm and hopefully we can see each other soon doing what we like best.    ? #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Pedro Rodriguez Ledesma (@_pedro17_) on Mar 28, 2020 at 8:54am PDT He has also attracted interest from MLS, in addition to Qatari team Al Sadd, who are currently managed by his former Barcelona teammate Xavi. The winger has fallen down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge since Frank Lampard's appointment last summer. Having played a pivotal role under Sarri the previous season, Pedro has featured just nine times in the Premier League this campaign as a result of injuries, the arrival of Christian Pulisic and the emergence of Callum Hudson-Odoi.