Following a sparkling European Under-21 Championship with England, the spotlight has shone even brighter on young Chelsea defender Levi Colwill. By winning the tournament with the Three Lions and impressing thoroughly along the way, the Blues will now have to fend off interest from other top clubs for the centre-back. The 20-year-old spent last season on loan at Brighton and made such a positive impression at the Amex that the Seagulls are desperate to bring him to the south coast permanently. Liverpool have since also joined the race for Colwill. They are ready to make an offer of their own and are confident they will be successful. New Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino is set to hold talks with the phenom when he returns from international duty. However, Colwill is yet to be persuaded his long-term future is at Stamford Bridge. With what comes next uncertain, why are top clubs interested in signing Colwill? A versatile player capable of playing at centre-back and left-back, Colwill has all the attributes of a top modern defender. His pace, physicality and tactical understanding makes him a highly-desirable asset for any top club interested in playing on the front foot. One of Colwill's key strengths is his technical ability, boasting a great passing range. He ranked in the top 10% of Premier League centre-backs per 90 last season for progressive passing distance, passes into the final third and key passes, making him a perfect candidate for teams wanting to play out from defence. Colwill was often comfortable stepping into midfield from defence for the Seagulls and helping beat the press, a particularly important attribute in the Premier League.  During the U21 Euros, the centre-back also showed his ability when out of possession with his wonderful reading of the game and sensing of danger. His strength and stature stood out, and in the final itself against Spain he was one of the team's star performers. Obviously, any club interested in signing Colwill will be paying for potential with the 20-year-old still far from the finished article. However, he has solid foundations on which to build and could be a key man for club and country for years to come. Club Appearances Passing accuracy Tackles + interceptions Goals + assists Brighton 22 88.2% 23 2 Huddersfield 30 77.8% 88 3 READ THE LATEST PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS, RUMOURS & GOSSIP feed Of course, Chelsea are incredibly eager to hold on to Colwill, whose contract runs until 2025 at Stamford Bridge.  Pochettino views the defender as a key player for Chelsea now and in the future and the club do not want to lose yet another top English academy graduate. The Blues' unwillingness to sell has resulted in the club whacking an approximately  £68m price tag on their starlet, a fee which is likely to put off any prospective bidders.  Brighton have already seen one bid rejected and are expected to up their offer again, although it will almost certainly not be enough to convince Chelsea to sell. The fact that the Seagulls are so keen on Colwill having seen his progress first-hand last season is a good sign for the left-sided centre-back. Liverpool have also entered the race to sign Colwill and are themselves eager to reinforce their defensive line, specifically looking for a young left-footed centre-back capable of covering in a back three. Colwill ticks all the boxes for the Reds but that enormous price tag will likely prove a stumbling block for Jurgen Klopp's side. While the strongest possibility is Colwill continuing at Chelsea, talks with Pochettino may prove crucial in the youngster's decision.