Manchester City have been described as    hopeful    of signing Lionel Messi in what would potentially be the biggest transfer coup of all time, but they may have to get creative with whatever offer they table for the Barcelona superstar. Messi has informed his club that he wants to leave Camp Nou this summer and the wrangling over his signature has inevitably already begun. The player intends to trigger a clause in his contract allowing him to leave for free on his own request, but the club claims that option expired in June. There are already rumours that Messi   s father, Jorge, has travelled to Manchester to negotiate with City. Conflicting reports, however, suggest Messi Sr. is in Argentina and that it will be a delegation from Manchester who travel to Catalonia next week to start the talks. It has been suggested that despite Messi   s hope to move as a free agent, City would be willing to pay a transfer fee for the 33-year-old, said to be in the region of    100m to    150m. They are also open to including players like Eric Garcia or Angeli  o in any package they offer. Barcelona have been tipped to demand a world record fee, which essentially means any offer would have to at least match the    222m ( £199m) that Paris Saint-Germain paid for Neymar in 2017. City have already spent time trying to crunch the numbers into an acceptable outlay, crucially, one that adheres to Financial Fair Player regulation. The Times cites    insiders with knowledge of the negotiations    to state that the four-time Premier League champions are    hopeful    a deal will be done.  If a club was to pay for the services of a certain goat, how much would he be worth? ? - - - #Messi #LeoMessi #LM10 #Barcelona #ForcaBarca #ManCity #MCFC #Inter #PSG #LaLiga #UCL A post shared by  90min (@90min_football) on Aug 26, 2020 at 12:49pm PDT It has been widely shared that City are contemplating offering Messi a three-year contract, followed by a move to MLS in 2023 to join sister club New York City. But the Daily Telegraph estimates that Messi could still cost the Premier League club  £500m in total, once Bar  a   s asking price and his current salary over the length of the deal are taken into account.