Kacper Przybylko is looking forward to becoming the centerpiece of the Chicago Fire attack following his transfer from the Philadelphia Union. After three seasons, 40 goals, and a Supporters' Shield title, the Polish striker swapped the surroundings of Subaru Park for Solider Field in a switch worth $1.15m in General Allocation Money (GAM).  Przybylko had previously stated the Fire's willingness to offer a guaranteed contract - rather than the optional years put forward by Philadelphia - as a key factor behind his decision. But speaking to the media on Tuesday for the first time since his move, the 28-year-old also revealed he will become the focal point to Ezra Hendrickson's attack.    [Sporting director Georg Heitz] called me and said he wants to build the team around me," Przybylko told media on a virtual press conference Tuesday. "He wants the team to be connected    It was nice to hear he said he wanted to feed me with as many passes as they could. I just need to finish them off. It was nice to hear that, it   s a huge value." Though Przybylko made no secret of his desire to make this move happen, he insists there's no bad blood between himself and the Union and that their parting remained on good terms.    I don   t hold a grudge to anyone in Philly, I had good conversations with everyone," he added. "They all said very nicely goodbye, and here everyone welcomed me so nice. It's a new chapter for me, and I'm just really happy being here right now." Przybylko joins a Chicago Fire side in transition, under a new head coach with a host of players coming and going, and a number of young homegrowns being blooded into the professional game.  The former Poland youth international will have to call upon all his experience on both sides of the Atlantic to help smooth the club's transition and, hopefully, fire them back into MLS Cup Playoff contention in 2022 - a role he's relishing. "I think I have to be a leader with what I've already accomplished in this league," Przybylko said. "I'm one of the guys who's with so much experience here. I know it was only three years in the MLS, but I also bring a lot of experience from my past years that I had also in Germany.