From Stamford Bridge - The stage was set perfectly. Chelsea and Liverpool had been going at it hammer and tongs in the transfer market in the week leading up to their Premier League fixture at Stamford Bridge on Sunday afternoon. Moises Caicedo was, and remains, the object of their desires. The Brighton midfielder will become the most expensive player in Premier League history when he does eventually transfer, at some point in the coming week, you'd expect, with Liverpool initially having an offer accepted of  £111m for the Ecuadorian.  Caicedo has made his decision known that he'd prefer the move to west London, triggering public embarrassment for Liverpool - a club usually so efficient and proficient with their dealings to buy and sell first team players.  feed Having won the transfer pending an agreement with Brighton, which will be in the region of a quite ridiculous  £115m, Chelsea had hoped to present the player to their home support with a deal completed in the days leading up to their 1-1 draw on Sunday. One for the social media channels to rack up the engagements on, y'know, but it wasn't to be. Caicedo wasn't there, but good grief did both teams want him to be, with the need for a dominating defensive midfielder desperately obvious for both throughout a frantic, chaotic 101 minutes of opening weekend action. But what did Sunday's game tell us about which team more desperately needs to break the British transfer record to sign a player with only 53 appearances in English football to his name? Liverpool might need a defensive midfielder, will try to confirm as and when pic.twitter.com/gg4CVUB0wd At least new Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino settled for pragmatism (in look and feel at least) as he attempted to cover the lack of defensive presence in midfield by naming a back three. Axel Disasi was named for a competitive debut alongside returning loanee Levi Colwill, with Thiago Silva relied upon in the middle. It suggested at least he was looking to stem the tide and not give too much away - though insisted post-match that his team played with four at the back. For Jurgen Klopp, it was back to gung-ho and heavy metal. You'd suppose you can't name a six in your team if you don't possess one, but Klopp went down the route of "screw it" with his team sheet, naming new signings Dominik Szoboszlai and Alexis Mac Allister alongside Cody Gakpo in the most attacking of midfield units.  Mac Allister was tasked with being the deepest midfielder, operating with Trent Alexander-Arnold drifting in from the right full back slot. Who needs Moises Caicedo more? Liverpool, because I'm not changing my system Caicedo is largely praised for his ability to cover ground, shuttling across to cover spaces left behind his teammates with the licence to attack. Fair to say both teams could have really utilised him here - first half especially - and that whichever team gets him will have a gem for next decade in a dream scenario. The opening 45 was a story of Pure, Unadulterated Barclays: Chaos Edition, with both teams' defences breached. Liverpool fired a warning after 12 minutes when Mohamed Salah struck the bar, but hit the front before the 20th minute after some excellent work from the Egyptian. Chelsea left far too much space for Salah to take possession and far too much space behind their back line for Luis Diaz to tap in at the far post. Plenty at fault but good defensive midfielders stop breakaways at source. There'd have been little Caicedo could've done about the way Chelsea's equaliser came about - this was a story of space behind the back line and defenders switching off - but both teams had the ball in the net on a further occasion each only to see efforts ruled out for offside. In the second half, Conor Gallagher far better embraced the role he'd been given for the day as a midfield screen, while 90min POTM Enzo Fernandez grew in stature throughout with an imperious performance in possession. It meant the hosts shaded the second half, controlled the lions' share of possession and the chaos of the game had subsided...barring a frantic final few minutes. Who needs Moises Caicedo more?  Draw, because Conor Gallagher can't play like he did in the second half every week and Liverpool do not own a senior defensive midfielder WhoScored have Chelsea's pass completion at 88% compared to the visitors' 80%, but that could have something to do with Liverpool's direct style on the day and push to get the ball forward. There were spells throughout the first half and before Chelsea found their feet where Liverpool were cutting the hosts open with direct passes through the middle and through the channels, but over the course of the game Chelsea stomped it out. The Blues themselves found moments to penetrate with vertical passes through the middle and often threatened with charges up the pitch from players in possession - they could have won the match late on following a break in that manner. You'd have to chalk Chelsea's name on the board for better use of the ball today on the whole; namely because Enzo Fernandez is very good at football. But both teams have holes to fill. Who needs Moises Caicedo more? Liverpool, because they don't have a six and won't change their system During his time at Brighton, Caicedo was often seen covering in the absence of others at right back - and players nowadays - especially those who cost north of  £100m - are hugely valued for versatility. Chelsea won't need that kind of cover given their options at right-sided centre back and with Malo Gusto joining the party over the summer and with Reece James named as club captain. Chelsea do need options and numbers in midfield but Caicedo's name is a dream scenario and the completion of a midfield unit. Liverpool, meanwhile, only have 18-year-old Stefan Bajcetic as a natural presence in defensive midfield - and nobody else following the sales of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson, while they rely on Ibrahima Konate to cover three or four positions when Alexander-Arnold steps into midfield and Liverpool don't have the ball. The Reds are in desperate need of a defensive presence in the centre and it would add levels to their game very quickly if they found the right fit. Who needs Moises Caicedo more? Liverpool Based on the evidence of today - from Jurgen Klopp's decision to play Alexis Mac Allister at six while he wore 10 on his back, from Mauricio Pochettino's decision to use a 3-5-2, from the second half performances of Conor Gallagher and Enzo Fernandez and from the apparent ease for opposing teams to progress through Liverpool's centre, you'd have to say it's Liverpool. Their bid has been accepted by Brighton but advances have been halted by the player, with Chelsea now primed to step in and complete the transfer in the week to come. They may even sign up Southampton's Romeo Lavia to really take the biscuit - though Klopp's team are to fight to the end on that one too with no decision from the player yet. If Chelsea do manage to secure their top target for the summer, they'll have a midfield unit of Caicedo and Enzo which will be the envy of the Premier League for seasons to come. It'll have cost in the region of  £220m for the two, but if you're going for best in class, you've got to spend. Who needs Moises Caicedo more? Liverpool, but they're not getting him are they?