Super-agent Mino Raiola has laughed off reports suggesting any team looking to sign Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland would have to pay  £34m in commission fees. Raiola is embarking on a European tour to gauge the level of interest in the 20-year-old hitman. He has already met with Barcelona and Real Madrid and is soon expected in England to meet with suitors like Manchester City, Chelsea and Manchester United. Dortmund are expected to hold out for a fee of close to  £150m to part ways with Haaland this summer, and RAC1 suggested that any buyer would have to hand Raiola  £17m and offer the striker's father, Alf-Inge, the same figure. The story was quickly picked up by numerous outlets around Europe, and Raiola took time out of his busy schedule to draw up a nice little collage of all the stories so he could scribble 'fake' on them over and over again. "Fake news travel quick and far," he wrote in a blunt response on Twitter. Fake news travel quick and far ? pic.twitter.com/Iifm9JjzM5 As part of his rebuttal, Raiola also dismissed the idea that Haaland is looking for an annual wage of  £25m. As revealed exclusively by 90min on Sunday, the striker is not making any excessive demands and is yet to even discuss his financial wishes with his suitors. Raiola's meetings have instead been centred on the club's project and long-term vision for Haaland, who hopes to be challenging for Europe's top trophies on a regular basis. The striker has not put any demands on the table and is keeping all his options open for the time being. There have also been suggestions that Haaland has been dictating who he wants to play alongside at various clubs. The idea of him demanding a spot in the Real team alongside Norwegian teammate Martin Odegaard has done the rounds online, but it has been confirmed to 90min that such claims are wide of the mark. Dortmund are still planning for next season with Haaland in their squad, but there are fears that the German side may be forced to cash in on their star striker if they fail to reach the Champions League.