Sergio Ramos is set to sign a two-year deal with Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain after leaving Real Madrid earlier this summer. The Spain legend was involved in a contract standoff with Los Blancos throughout the early months of 2021 and no agreement was reached to extend his stay in Madrid, and now PSG have moved into pole position to sign him. ?? #Ramos a dado su acuerdo para firmar en el PSG. La leyenda del Madrid a rechazado ofertas de clubes ingles, una que daba mas dinero que el PSG. Su hermano estaba hoy en Paris para finalisar la llegada del jugador. Deberia firmar para dos anos en Paris. It was reported earlier on Thursday that the two parties were closing in on a move, entering 'advanced negotiations', and now RMC Sport's Mohamed Bouhafsi has revealed an agreement has been reached. Ramos is expected to sign a two-year deal with Mauricio Pochettino's side, with his brother currently in Paris to conclude negotiations. It's also reported that the 35-year-old rejected two English clubs, one of which offered greater financial terms than PSG. Manchester United have previously been touted as a potential destination, while in late 2020 90min revealed all top six sides had expressed interest in the defender. Ramos' exit from Real Madrid was down to his desire for a two-year contract which Florentino Perez would not sanction, but PSG have not been deterred by his contract demands. Once he signs, the veteran will link up with old Real teammates Keylor Navas and Angel Di Maria, both of whom have enjoyed success at domestic level in France's capital. The next challenge for the club is to challenge again in the Champions League. They reached the 2019/20 final but were beaten by Bayern Munich, while the following season saw them dumped out in convincing fashion by Pep Guardiola's Manchester City in the semi finals. Ramos' impending arrival is the latest bit of positive business from PSG. Midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum has arrived on a free transfer from Liverpool and Gianluigi Donnarumma is edging closer to a move, but there remains trepidation over Kylian Mbappe's future.