New Wolverhampton Wanderers manager Bruno Lage has admitted star midfielder Ruben Neves 'has a price', but insists he wants to keep him at Molineux. Neves has been regularly touted for a move to Manchester United since he joined Wolves back in 2017 and 90min revealed he was once again on their shortlist earlier this year, while Arsenal held talks over the 24-year-old back in June. 90min understands that Wolves are open to offers for the  £30m-rated Portuguese  - as well as coveted winger Adama Traore - and Lage has conceded that every player has his price, although he would rather keep the former Porto man in the West Midlands. Speaking to Sky Sports ahead of Wolves' Premier League encounter with Tottenham, Lage said: "All the top players we have are linked with all the clubs in the world. If you go to Portugal, the top players at Benfica are all linked with moves to Wolves. "Ruben is happy here and we are happy with him. We are not thinking to let anyone leave, but every player has a price. You never know, if Messi changes to PSG then anyone can go.    Like I said before, in these questions you need to go day by day. Imagine if a big offer appeared for Ruben [Neves] or Adama [Traore] which can be good for the club, but also good for the player." When asked whether there had been any bids for Neves as yet, Lage responded: "Real proposals? Not yet." The club   s financial records show that Wolves made pre-tax losses between  £20m and  £55m in three out of four seasons between 2016 and 2020. With the impact of the coronavirus pandemic still felt, that is likely to become four out of five by the time the 2020/21 accounts are finalised. Chinese owners Fosun are restructuring their commitment and involvement with the club and it will take player sales to recoup some finances in order to now make a suitable spending budget available to the recruitment department. However, Lage added he still expects Wolves to be 'very busy' before the end of the transfer window on 31 August.