90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United and Manchester City are both chasing AC Milan left-back Theo Hernandez and are expected to lodge bids in excess of  £60m for the Frenchman. Such an offer would be tough for the Italian side to reject. (Corriere della Sera) Inter forward Lautaro Martinez has told close friends that he wants to join Chelsea this summer. A fee of around  £60m is expected to be enough to get a deal done. (Football Insider) Also coming in at Chelsea could be Real Madrid midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni, who is the subject of a    60m bid from the Blues. (Defensa Central) Moises Caicedo has decided he wants to join Chelsea over Arsenal this summer and talks over an agreement with Brighton are progressing. (Sky Sports Germany) Arsenal have opted to pursue Chelsea's Kai Havertz instead of a deal for Caicedo, who originally wanted to join the Gunners and had already agreed personal terms with Mikel Arteta's side. (Teradeportes) Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea could spark a bidding war for Declan Rice after Arsenal's initial approach worth  £90m was turned down by West Ham. (Telegraph) After Leeds' relegation from the Premier League, centre-back Robin Koch is being lined up for a shock move to Manchester United. (Sky Sports Germany) manual Real Madrid have been quoted a fee of    80m by Eintracht Frankfurt in their pursuit of striker Randal Kolo Muani. (Fabrice Hawkins) Leicester duo James Maddison and Harvey Barnes are targets for Tottenham, who have submitted a joint bid of  £50m to try sign both players. (Mail) Liverpool have joined Manchester City in expressing an interest in Paris Saint-Germain's teenage midfielder Warren Zaire-Emery, who City have already tried to include in negotiations over Bernardo Silva's possible move to France. (RMC Sport) Barcelona have cooled their interest in Bayern Munich midfielder Joshua Kimmich and expect the German to remain with his current club. (RAC1) Liverpool and PSG are among the sides to have held talks with the father of Fenerbahce sensation Arda Guler, who is also wanted by Ajax, Benfica, Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig. (Yagiz Sabuncuoglu)