There is a certain stigma attached to footballers plying their trade north of the border. Immediately there is an assumption that no matter how well they're performing, how many clean sheets they've kept or regardless of how many goals they've notched, we have to be reminded 'that it's just the Scottish Premiership'. All the players performing well in Scotland come with an unjust caveat. They're good over there, but probably won't be here. While unjust, it's not necessarily untrue. There is no denying the jump up (or down) in quality between both the English and Scottish top flights, but that does not instantly constitute inevitable failure when a player makes the move south. ?       Congratulations, French Eddy! ?@Oedouard22 has been named @scottishfwa Player of the Year! ??? pic.twitter.com/KXn4Eb73MW Rarely do we see transfers made by Premier League clubs from the Scottish Premiership, but exceptions are made. And in the case of Odsonne Edouard, this supposed 'high-risk', 'fingers crossed he won't flop', 'are we going to regret this?' move simply must be made. This lad is a cut above. Celtic have been blessed with some striking talents in the past that, in no disrespectful way, are deserved of playing in the elite European leagues. While his time in Glasgow is only three seasons long, Edouard has already amassed 126 appearances, with a healthy 62 goals to boot. Initial glances will notice that it's roughly a one-in-two strike rate, but the trajectory of his career and how he's continuously improved week in, week out up in Scotland is why he needs to be atop of Premier League club's shortlists. Moving on loan from Paris Saint-Germain at the tender age of 19, Edouard found his feet promptly with a goal on his debut. The tone was set from there, and the Frenchman hasn't looked back since. It's been nothing but improvement since, as with each passing year at Celtic he's managed to iron out the creases in his performances and find the back of the net with ever-increasing frequency. 11 goals in his debut campaign became 23 the following, while in the most recent season - cut short due to the coronavirus outbreak - he'd already hit 28. These numbers demonstrate a player who is learning, maturing and putting in the hard yards on the training pitch in the quest for stardom - even if he's already reached that level in Scotland. For evidence as to why that's happened, you need only watch his performance against Motherwell from back in February. That's just one of many superb displays he's put in for the Hoops, but it encapsulated all the traits that have made him so feared across the country. His first goal of the night showcased his ability to link up with teammates, on this occasion playing a one-two with Callum McGregor, before peeling off into the space and intelligently finding the gaps in the Motherwell defence.  Probably the standout feature of Edouard's game is his composure. He doesn't take snap shots, nor is he too casual in front of goal. The timing of his strikes and the intelligent analysing of the goalkeeper's position come into play, and whether it's a calm side-footed shot or a curling effort across goal, rarely does he get it wrong. Then there is his positioning. While deployed as a central striker, it's not uncommon for Edouard to drift into a wide left role, more often than not as a means to collect possession of the ball, but also where he is able to cut inside and take on the opposing full-back. He's also fond of dropping deep in the left half-space, where he can link up with the midfielders and bring fellow forwards into advanced positions. When he does that, it buys him the time to plan his approach into the box, often from a left-sided position where he can take on a well-placed right-footed attempt at goal. Normally, for a striker of his build, technical ability isn't necessarily the most prominent feature. However, the 22-year-old loves to beat his man, offering a neat array of skills in his already heavily stocked arsenal. Odsonne Edouard's record against Rangers:       7 games       5 goals? 2 assists?I wanna be Edouard? pic.twitter.com/0sMeMlBS7Z That was on show against the Well, where he made mincemeat of Declan Gallagher with a couple of swift feints and turns near the touchline, before dinking a lovely weighted cross onto Leigh Griffith's noggin'.  Generally uncommon with young strikers is the ruthless, selfishness in front of goal, but Edouard's outstanding scoring rates coincide with an equally impressive assist record. His generosity and quick-thinking in front of goal has resulted in 12 assists - 19 in all competitions which more than doubles the previous season's tally. After that game Motherwell boss Stephen Robinson branded Odsonne Edouard as 'unplayable', admitting it was 'horrible' for some of his players to come up against him. At Fir Park that night he also scored a superb free-kick, something Hoops fans have become accustomed to, but before anyone can weigh in with 'it's only Motherwell', he's come up clutch in Old Firm clashes and in Europe. The Frenchman is never fazed, no matter the occasion. Five goals in Champions League qualifying as well as five in the Europa League proper has seen his stock rise even further, with the coolness he showed in the penalty box to set up Ryan Christie against Lazio a particular highlight. Oh, and he did it in the away leg too. In order for Celtic to part with Edouard it'll require a significant transfer fee - likely the biggest of its kind in Scotland - but it would be anything but a punt. Improving year upon year on what is already gifted natural ability should be enough to convince the Premier League big boys to open the chequebook. 