Certain footballers are destined to go their whole career with their name firmly attached to the transfer rumour carousel, making more appearances in the gossip pages than they ever will for their clubs or countries. While William Carvalho, Nicolas Gaitan, Julian Draxler and Leandro Damiao are among the top appearance-makers for Gossip Column FC, Porto's Jesus Corona is also a valued squad member. The Mexico international has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs over the years - including Man Utd, Everton, West Ham and Wolves - without ever actually making the switch. However, the most recurrent rumour suggests it is now Chelsea who are in the hottest pursuit of the now 28-year-old winger. The potential move was first reported back in 2020 and has resurfaced this week, but all things considered this is probably one you should take with a large pinch of salt. Nicknamed Tecatito, the winger has a  £21.4m release clause in his contract, but this is only active until June 2021. From June onwards, Chelsea or any other interested party would be required to cough up  £34m to secure his services. The first thing to address is that there has been contact between the west London club and Corona's representatives - according to his agent and hype man, the man responsible for drumming up interest and rival bids for his client, Matias Bunge. A post shared by Jesus Tecatito Corona (@jesustecatitoc) Speaking to A Bola in May 2020, Bunge said:    In reality, there have been conversations with several clubs, but with the emergence of Covid-19 everything changed, and for three months the clubs were practically stopped. "But the scenario is going to start to change and I think the market is going to start to cheer up because the clubs are co-hosting the needs they have.    They [Chelsea] asked about his situation. But the same thing happened with other clubs, although none of them exercised a formal approach for Corona. At some point we talked to them [Chelsea]. I cannot say if he's option A, B or C, now they are rather rumours." A refreshingly honest conclusion there from Bunge, and he's right. While we are by no means transfer experts, it's fair to say that these sorts of preliminary conversations are par for the course when a player is coming to the end of their contract, and it is of course conveniently ambiguous as to who contacted whom. Then there's the elephant in the room: Chelsea's burgeoning attacking arsenal. Is another winger high on the priority list when the likes of Christian Pulisic and Hakim Ziyech are struggling to get a game, while Callum Hudson-Odoi, Mason Mount and Timo Werner can ALL operate out wide in the attacking third? Probably not. Of course, this rumour pre-dates Thomas Tuchel's appointment at Stamford Bridge, which raises the question of who at the club actually wants him. However, it is possible the reports have resurfaced because the German head coach fancies Tecatito as a wing-back. Having played all over Porto's right flank, Corona is having a decent season with three goals and 11 assists in 40 appearances - albeit in Portugal's Primeira Liga. Those numbers suggest he would be a decent squad option for  £21.4m, but once again a look at the Blues' depth suggests his presence would merely block someone else's path to the starting lineup. At 28, Tecatito is at the peak of his career, but Chelsea already have Reece James, who should be the present and future at right-back or right wing-back, and Cesar Azpilicueta is a worthy back-up depending on the shape Tuchel employs. Add to that Hudson-Odoi's impressive displays at wing-back of late and you have the answer to the question of whether Chelsea should pursue a player coming towards the tail end of his career.