Alphonse Areola has joined West Ham on a season-long loan with the deal including the option to make the move permanent. The Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper spent last season on loan in the Premier League with fellow London club Fulham and proved to be one of their standout performers despite the Cottagers' relegation. Welcome to West Ham United, @AreolaOfficiel! ? #AA13 pic.twitter.com/dVkVnYXr8B With PSG recently adding Euro 2020 winner Gianluigi Donnarumma to their ranks and Keylor Navas also in the squad, Areola has once again been on the hunt for a move away from Parc des Princes and the Hammers have won the race to secure his signature. The World Cup winner will join on an initial season-long loan deal, though West Ham do have the option of making the move permanent, and Areola said he's delighted to have sealed a move to east London.    I   m happy, for me it was the best opportunity to sign for this club, to sign for West Ham and to try my best to help the team," he told the club's official website.    London is a great place to live and to work as well, and obviously the Premier League is one of the best leagues in the world so I really enjoyed it last season. It was tough for me and for the team, but I enjoyed playing in the Premier League. We were without the fans, but this year we will have the fans back so I can   t wait to see the atmosphere.    West Ham did a big season last year. Obviously we have the Europa League and the Premier League and the two cups, so it will be a tough season and a long season but I think we   re going to enjoy it all together.    We have really good squad. I watched games last season so I know the potential and the talent in this squad, so I can   t wait to start.    Areola will likely compete with Lukasz Fabianski for the number-one spot at the London Stadium, and West Ham boss David Moyes said he's delighted to have such a quality crop of goalkeepers at his disposal.    Alphonse is an experienced and talented goalkeeper who has played at the highest level and performed very well in the Premier League last season," he said.