Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana has rejected interest from Saudi Arabia in hope that he can push through a summer transfer to Manchester United, 90min understands. United have identified Onana as their top goalkeeping target with long-term number one David de Gea now a free agent upon the expiry of his contract last Friday. United are still set to speak to the Spaniard to make a clear decision on his future and whether he continues at Old Trafford, but Erik ten Hag has decided Onana is his ideal number one for the new campaign. Whether United can get the transfer over the line remains to be seen, given financial constraints and Ten Hag's ambition to strengthen in a number of positions. But there is optimism that a deal can be done. United are on the verge of committing a large chunk of their transfer budget to Chelsea for Mason Mount, who will imminently be announced as their first summer signing. Mount is to set United back an initial  £55m, and Ten Hag also wants to sign a new centre forward in addition to a new goalkeeper as a priority. The Dutchman would also like to bringi in a second midfielder before the new season begins, with Fiorentina's Sofyan Amrabat and Southampton's Romeo Lavia of interest. However, that position is lower down the list as it stands and funds may need to be raised through player sales before one does arrive. United are ready to use up a large portion of their existing transfer budget on a goalkeeper and striker, with Onana and Atalanta's Rasmus Hojlund currently top of the agenda. Prices for both deals are currently being negotiated with Inter and Atalanta respectively, and the structure of will be key to each transfer being signed off. 90min reported earlier this week of interest in Hojlund and United are determined not to overpay for the 20-year-old Danish striker. There is distance between theirs and Atalanta's valuations at present but optimism an agreement can be reached. feed United are in a similar boat with Onana, who is Cameroon number one. Ten Hag worked with the player at Ajax and he particularly caught the eye for his distribution in last month's Champions League final, which Inter narrowly lost to Manchester City. Ten Hag wants United's distribution to improve from the back - a problem seen time and again with De Gea in goal last season. Inter believe Onana is worth    60m ( £51m) after his outstanding performances towards the back end of last season, and want to hold out for that fee but United - who value the 27-year-old at a maximum    50m ( £43m) - believe they are in a strong position in negotiations. The Serie A side are in a tricky financial position themselves and are trying to bring Romelu Lukaku permanently back from Chelsea, but struggling to bring the money together to secure a deal. United have a number of options on what goalkeeper they pursue, are not yet formally parted with De Gea and also have Dean Henderson, who has returned for pre-season training, to fall back on. United are also monitoring other targets, such as Feyenoord's Justin Bijlow, who is the current Dutch number one. It's understood by 90min that the player and his representatives do not believe he is United's first choice target, and are treating the situation as such as it stands. Feyenoord don't want to sell in an ideal world after impressively winning the Eredivisie last season under Arne Slot, though would part ways with the 25-year-old at  £25m if United were to formalise their interest. Slot himself is understood to know such a price is good value which can be reinvested. The player would be expected to push for the move should it materialise, but United's priorities are with Onana for the time being.