Real Madrid target Eduardo Camavinga may be hesitant about joining Los Blancos this summer if fellow countryman Zinedine Zidane is no longer in charge of the club. 18-year-old Camavinga is among the brightest young talents in world football and is widely expected to move on from Rennes sooner rather than later to take the next step in his career. Zidane is a big admirer of the teenage midfield prodigy and 90min revealed in the autumn that Camavinga has overtaken N   Golo Kante in his transfer plans. The coach had been repeatedly asking the Real hierarchy for Paul Pogba, Kylian Mbappe and Kante, but Camavinga has replaced the latter. AS notes that the Rennes starlet has developed a relationship with Zidane to the point where Real has become the only club he wants to join. It is said to have been in his mind from the first moment he knew that Zidane was aware of him, which was as early as August 2019. But the apparent decision to join Real is down to an overwhelming desire to work with Zidane, above and beyond a particular preference to move to the Bernabeu. Therefore, AS also reports that doubts over Zidane   s future at Real beyond this season could lead Camavinga to hesitate about the potential move should his idol no longer be at the club. Real wouldn   t be the only option for Camavinga as it is said that Manchester United, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain also continue to keep an eye on his progress. Camavinga   s agent Jonathan Barnett also added doubt to Camavinga joining Real recently when he suggested the Spanish giants might struggle to afford him as a result of the financial blow from the coronavirus pandemic.    Madrid are going through a tough time just now. All Spanish clubs are the same, so unfortunately we will have to see what happens. It may be that Spanish clubs can't afford  Camavinga,    Barnett said.    [Madrid are]  a great club, a great club to play for.  Eduardo  will have a choice of a lot of clubs if Rennes decides to release him.  They will be one of the four of five clubs in the world he might go to.