Harry Kane is set to leave Tottenham Hotspur this summer after agreeing to join German champions Bayern Munich, 90min understands. Bayern lodged four bids for the England striker, eventually agreeing to a    100m ( £86.4m) deal to lure Kane away, but the striker himself did not immediately give his approval to a move as he considered all his options. While the initial delay left Spurs feeling hopeful they may have convinced their captain to stay, 90min understands that Kane has now accepted Bayern's proposal and is set to leave the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this summer. Kane, who set a deadline of Sunday to resolve his future, is due in Germany on Friday to undergo a medical ahead of signing a four-year contract with the Bundesliga champions. However, Spurs have currently delayed signing off on the deal and are keen to finalise each and every minor detail before allowing Kane to depart. Bayern are hopeful that Kane will be in attendance for Saturday's Super Cup clash with RB Leipzig, perhaps even playing a role in the match if all goes to plan. feed The move to Germany, if sealed as expected, will bring an end to Kane's 19-year association with Tottenham, in which he has racked up 280 goals in 435 appearances. Kane's pursuit of Alan Shearer's all-time Premier League top scorer record will also be halted, perhaps permanently. The 30-year-old has struck 213 times in the competition, 47 fewer than Blackburn and Newcastle icon Shearer. While they had been hopeful of keeping Kane, Spurs have been exploring potential replacements for the England captain in anticipation of a departure. Argentina youth international Alejo Veliz has agreed to join but Spurs are also looking at the likes of Gent's Gift Orban, Montpellier's Elye Wahi and Lille's Jonathan David. Aleksandar Mitrovic of Fulham is also on Spurs' radar. The Serb was keen to leave for Saudi Arabia earlier this summer but has seen a move blocked by Fulham, who are demanding  £50m to part ways with their star striker.