Steve McManaman says Real Madrid's aura and ability to offer Jude Bellingham "the all-round package" could be key in persuading him to join the club ahead of Manchester City, adding that the teenager can expect to be treated like a god. 19-year-old Bellingham has been heavily linked with Real, City and Liverpool all season long, but 90min revealed last week that a move to the Santiago Bernabeu this summer now looks likely after a positive round of talks with the teenager's father. McManaman spent four years playing for Real Madrid between 1999 and 2003, scoring in the 3-0 win over Valencia in the 2000 Champions League final before winning the competition again two years later, so knows exactly what it's like to play for a club regarded by many to be the biggest in the world.  Speaking exclusively to 90min, McManaman, who also won two La Liga titles and a UEFA Super Cup during his Bernabeu stint, opened up about why Bellingham may opt to join Real instead of one of his Premier League suitors, stating that the "all-round package" is hard for any player to resist. "They have an aura, they have a history, they have the stadium, they have the city, they have the fans who adore the players if you're successful, and I think the all-round package is that," McManaman said. "There's a reason why so many ex-players decide to stay in Madrid [after they retire]. You've got players like Zinedine Zidane, Luis Figo, Santiago Solari, Roberto Carlos, all who are not from Spain yet every one of them resides in Madrid. And they reside in Madrid for a reason, and that reason is that it's a wonderful city and they have a great quality of life. So I think little things like this, not just the football, helps attract people.  Why would Jude Bellingham choose Real Madrid over any other club?     Former Madrid player Steve McManaman lists all of the incredible reasons why...@btsportfootball | @btsport pic.twitter.com/9Qh5iqdBNe "Their stadium is going to be incredible [when completed] next year, and their history of winning things is etched on their shirts. They're always successful every single year.  "The fact that they can offer him the all-round package and be treated like a hero, like a god, I think that might be the culmination for him." McManaman also revealed how Bellingham could fit into Real Madrid's side, citing Los Blancos' need to rejuvenate their squad as being a key reason for why the move is being made. "If he does come in he'll bring a drive to Madrid that I don't think Tchouameni and Camavinga do. They don't play the same way as Jude does. Toni Kroos has still got a number of years left and I know Luka [Modric] is going to be 38 in September.  "I just think he offers them something else. He offers something different to Tchouameni and Camavinga, and I think Fede Valverde will complement him and work as a runner and a real good ball player. He could have Rodrygo and Vinicius, both young players too, either side of him further forward  and Benzema will get a new contract, of course he will, and Real Madrid are in the market for a new centre forward too. feed "So I think they're just trying to refresh the squad. They've still got their bit-part players on the bench, and I think they'll keep a lot of them but they'll also move a few on. Financially it won't be a big burden on Madrid because they've still got money to spend. "It's another really good signing if Jude does go to Madrid."