Manchester United are ready to make Harry Kane an enormous offer which would compensate for any lost earnings he could face by handing in a transfer request at Tottenham this summer. Kane has already voiced his desire to leave Spurs once the transfer window opens, but as confirmed by 90min, chairman Daniel Levy has already made it clear that he does not intend to offload his star striker - not least to a Premier League rival like United, Manchester City or Chelsea. Those chasing Kane's signature fear that he will be unattainable without submitting a written transfer request - something the Englishman is reluctant to do out of loyalty to the club - but The Times claim that United are looking to make him an offer so big that it may encourage him to take the plunge and formally demand an exit. United's offer would compensate Kane for any loyalty bonuses he would miss out on by asking to leave in the form of an enormous signing-on fee. It's unclear whether a bumper financial offer would be enough to convince Kane to submit a transfer request. Until now, his primary issue has been a fear of damaging his relationship with the club that gave him his career, but whether money has been an issue behind the scenes is unclear. United's owners, the unpopular Glazer family, hope that signing Kane would help rebuild their relationship with the club's supporters as well as increase United's value, and executive co-chairman Joel Glazer is pushing hard for a deal to be done. To help raise money, French forward Anthony Martial could be offloaded. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is understood to be open to selling the 25-year-old, either separately or directly to Spurs as part of a deal for Kane. As is the case with a deal of this magnitude, it may drag on well into the summer and Kane is unlikely to get his wish of resolving his future before heading off to the European Championships this summer. The Sun add that, if Kane's future remains unresolved by the time Gareth Southgate's side meet up, United trio Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw and Harry Maguire are all planning to speak with Kane and encourage him to head to Old Trafford.