Tottenham are looking build on a fine 2021/22 campaign with a summer of important transfer activity. Owners ENIC have already injected  £150m into the club for immediate use, with head coach Antonio Conte set to be backed after agreeing to remain in north London. There's plenty of work to do between now and the start of the season but Spurs have already dipped their toes into the market. Here's how they could line up for the 2022/23 campaign. Club captain Hugo Lloris signed a two-year extension back in January and is now due for a testimonial. Conte and previous coaches Jose Mourinho and Mauricio Pochettino have spoken at length about the Frenchman's presence in the dressing room and the need to have him between the sticks. Pierluigi Gollini's loan from Atalanta has expired and Spurs will not be returning for the Italy international. Instead, Fraser Forster has joined on a free transfer from Southampton to become Lloris' deputy. Spurs have already triggered their purchase option to make Cristian Romero's loan move permanent, proving to be one of the signings of the 2021/22 season. Eric Dier came on leaps and bounds under Conte and was unlucky not to receive an England recall, and while Ben Davies similarly improved at centre-back, his place in the lineup is up for grabs. Clement Lenglet is close to arriving on loan from Barcelona, though Spurs still hold interest in Alessandro Bastoni and Pau Torres. At wing-back, Spurs are close to bringing in Djed Spence after an impressive loan spell at Nottingham Forest, while Ivan Perisic was unveiled as the club's first signing of the summer. There has been outside interest in Emerson Royal while the club are open to offers for Sergio Reguilon, but Ryan Sessegnon will stay. Listen now to  Oh What A Night, 90min's Tottenham Hotspur podcast. Every week,  Sean Walsh  and  Jude Summerfield  discuss all things in the world of Spurs. Oliver Skipp penned a new long-term contract back in April. The 21-year-old missed the second half of the 2021/22 campaign with injury after an impressive opening to the campaign, with Conte stressing he could become a top midfielder. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur formed a solid partnership down the stretch in Skipp's absence, providing a useful blend of physicality and grace in midfield. Providing extra depth in midfield for next term is new arrival Yves Bissouma, who impressed during his four-season stint with Brighton. John McGinn and Christian Eriksen were linked with moves to north London earlier in the window, though those rumours have since died down. Spurs are looking to sell Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso after their respective loans to Lyon and Villarreal expired. Harry Winks is also expected to leave the club. 90min understands Harry Kane is now happy at Tottenham and open to signing a new contract with his boyhood club. His partnership with Son Heung-min has kept Spurs afloat for much of the last three years. Tottenham have chosen to extend Dejan Kulusevski's loan by a further season instead of purchasing him outright this summer, meaning they can spend with a bit more freedom in other areas.