Paris Saint-Germain are continuing to offer Kylian Mbappe to clubs around Europe, including Chelsea, sources have told 90min. PSG are keen to sell Mbappe this summer to avoid losing him for free when his contract expires next year and have made that position clear to the France captain and his representatives. The Ligue 1 champions recently accepted a world record bid of    300m ( £259m) from Al Hilal but Mbappe had no interest in discussing personal terms. Club president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has dispatched intermediaries across the world to try and garner more interest, but 90min has been told a host of clubs believe Mbappe is destined for Real Madrid and haven't put effort into chasing him despite their obvious interest in a transfer. Real and Mbappe have both denied PSG's claims that a deal is already in place. 90min understands Al-Khelaifi has now contacted Chelsea and their supremo Todd Boehly about the prospect of signing Mbappe in an attempt to push them towards making an offer. manual While Chelsea would be open to the former Monaco forward's arrival, as would Liverpool and Manchester City, there has been no suggestion from the World Cup winner's camp of a desire to move to England. Mbappe has made it clear publicly he is not pushing to leave this summer, instead informing PSG he will decline his part of a two-way option that would see his contract extended by a further year to 2025. That decision earlier this summer angered PSG, resulting in their 'sell now' stance during the transfer window. The option to extend Mbappe's contract officially ends on Monday at the end of July. Mbappe will then be due a loyalty payment worth    40m which PSG will be unable to avoid paying as he has not asked to leave the club at any point. PSG now find themselves in a bind with Mbappe in a dominant position in the transfer saga. They cannot force him out to Al Hilal and are yet to facilitate an exit to Real Madrid or elsewhere this summer. If Mbappe decides to stay put at PSG until 2024, there is nothing they can do to prevent it.