Manchester United have signed midfielder Mason Mount and are closing in on goalkeeper Andre Onana, but there's a real need for Erik ten Hag to sign a new striker. Wout Weghorst was drafted in on an emergency loan deal in January, providing some relief for Ten Hag, but he was never going to be the long-term solution at Old Trafford. Marcus Rashford scored 30 goals in all competitions to paper over some of the cracks, but Anthony Martial's continued struggles with injuries and form mean the time is now for United to source a proper replacement. Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen have at one time or another been United's top target, but their extortionate asking prices - coupled with the Red Devils' need to complete other business - means moves for them are almost certainly off the table. But a move must be made somewhere, leaving United searching for the next best fit. Here's five strikers who could fit the brief... Age: 21Club: Atalanta A player being billed as the next big thing is Atalanta and Denmark striker Rasmus Hojlund. 6'3 tall, built powerfully and very adept with the ball at his feet, Hojlund has only been in Italy for one season after Atalanta snatched him from the clutches of Sturm Graz in August.  But in that short space of time, Hojlund has shown incredible promise and tremendous technical ability, leading his manager Gian Piero Gasperini to describe his quality as "remarkable". He's also blindingly quick off the mark and a real danger when running in behind defences - often overlooking a simple pass to a team-mate in favour of taking on the opposition. Hojlund likes getting involved in play, dropping deep to link up with midfield, and his aggressive style, coupled with his appetite for pressing, appears to align with what Ten Hag is looking for. The goals are not there yet - the Dane scored just nine in Serie A last season - but it feels like a matter of time before he starts tearing defences apart. Indeed, six goals on the international stage - including a hat-trick against Finland in Copenhagen - indicates Hojlund's time is coming. Age: 23Club: Juventus Dusan Vlahovic is another striker currently plying his trade in Serie A, but things have not turned out as many thought they would when the Serb rocked up at Juventus. The 23-year-old scored 44 goals in 98 games for Fiorentina - form that convinced Juve to part with    70m and an expensive four-and-a-half year contract. But amid rumours of a broken down relationship with manager Max Allegri, Vlahovic scored just 14 times during 2022/23 at a rate of one goal every three games. That may not sound overly positive for Manchester United supporters, but Vlahovic undoubtedly still has huge potential. A clinical finisher, he can fashion opportunities for himself with quick feet and thrives off quick interchanges - attributes that would likely help Rashford maintain his levels from last season and draw the best from Bruno Fernandes. It's increasingly likely Vlahovic will be available to move this summer, so United may end up thinking he's too good to overlook. feed Age: 20Club: RB Leipzig Benjamin Sesko is a player Manchester United have been tracking for a number of months, even though he's just rocked up in Germany to join RB Leipzig from sister club Salzburg. The 20-year-old has been tipped to go to the very top of the game - drawing comparisons with Erling Haaland's rapid rise - and his    24m move to Leipzig suggests there's confidence from coaches that he may just do that. Sesko stands 6'5 tall, inevitably making him a huge threat in the penalty area. But his physical presence and aerial dominance is supplemented by a tremendous shot on goal, while he's also not afraid to press opposition defences and drop deep to link up play. Prising him away from Leipzig would appear to be impossible, but there was significant talk of United, and others, looking to offer the Bundesliga outfit a rapid profit.  Age: 22Club: Benfica With Cristiano Ronaldo's benching at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar stealing the headlines, Portugal needed some inspiration from elsewhere to turn an overwhelming negatively situation back into a positive. Enter, Goncalo Ramos. A hat-trick against Switzerland later followed, in a domestic season where Ramos really flourished for Benfica. Filling the boots of Darwin Nunez, who had departed for Liverpool, the 22-year-old scored 19 Primeira Liga goals and 27 in all competitions to establish himself as one of Europe's finest young guns. Ramos is a hard worker, physically strong and able to get around the pitch, and also an intelligent footballer who gets into good goalscoring positions. He also appears to have tremendous composure - something you need in spades to cope with the pressure of playing for United. Age: 25Club: Inter After five seasons at Inter, Lautaro Martinez appears to be nearing the end of his journey at San Siro amid interest from some of Europe's biggest clubs. Chelsea are among those taking a keen interest in the Argentine World Cup winner, no doubt because he's just come off the back of the best goalscoring season of his career. Martinez bagged 28 goals in all competitions for Inter, but it's his ability to play as an advanced forward or in a more withdrawn role that should peak the interest of United. Martinez makes smart runs, in behind and out into the channels, and has tremendous awareness of what's going on around him. The 25-year-old's movements are subtle but also generate space for others to flourish. He previously forged one of world football's most devastating strike duos alongside Romelu Lukaku, but has shown he can play the lead role up front on his own. Martinez feels ready to take on a new challenge, and even though his asking price would be at the higher end of United's budget, his credentials speak for themselves.