Fikayo Tomori has admitted he is enjoying life on loan at AC Milan, but brushed off suggestions that he wants to join the Italian side permanently once his loan from Chelsea ends. Since leaving Stamford Bridge in January, Tomori has been wildly impressive. He has forced his way into Milan's starting lineup already, and it feels like we can't go a day without five or six reports in Italy saying I Rossoneri are in love with the centre-back. Milan have the option to sign Tomori permanently at the end of the season for a fee of around  £25m, although reports have differed over whether Milan are prepared to pay that kind of money. Regardless of the speculation, Tomori told La Gazzetta dello Sport that he is happy in Italy and feels it is the best place possible to fulfil his dream of becoming the greatest defender in the world.    The goal is to be among the best in the world in my role, as soon as possible,    Tomori said.    I work for this every day. Serie A is like a university for defenders. I   m growing up and learning everything I can. Having Paolo Maldini as head of the technical department is like having to deal with [Lionel] Messi as a sporting director for a striker. ? You've elected @fikayotomori_ the @emirates MVP for #FiorentinaMilan for his stalwart performance ? ? Un'altra grande prestazione e un altro MVP per Fikayo Tomori: muro! ?#SempreMilan pic.twitter.com/qFnWxKmRTP    I   m not the only one to decide my future. I have fun, I enjoy the moment, I   m happy to be here. I like Milan and I like Italy, I feel at home at AC Milan, but I honestly don   t think about the future." It was reported on Tuesday by the same outlet (via Sport Witness) that Milan chiefs already see Tomori as 'untouchable' and they are prepared to part with that  £25m to make his loan move permanent. A group of Milan fans have revealed plans to set up a crowdfunding page to raise the money needed to sign Tomori, and the centre-back confessed that he has been overwhelmed by the support from fans since he joined.    What? Crazy!" he said of the fundraiser. "I didn   t know, but it makes me happy. My mother reads a lot of things on social media and is very proud. All this is part of a journey, but I remain realistic.