Everton's attempts to reinforce Sean Dyche's forward options have been blunted by Leeds United turning down an offer for Wilfried Gnonto. The 19-year-old joined Leeds on a five-year deal last September for an undisclosed fee but scored just twice in 24 appearances as a combination of Jesse Marsch, Javi Gracia and Sam Allardyce failed to preserve the club's Premier League status. Gnonto has been generating plenty of interest from Serie A, though it's a bid from Everton, believed to be worth around  £15m, that has been turned down. A move is not out of the question for Gnonto, who may push to leave Elland Road with a place in Roberto Mancini's Italy squad for Euro 2024 potentially at stake. Leicester City, who joined Leeds in the Championship after a disastrous relegation from the Premier League, are keen to boost their promotion hopes with the loan signings of Amad Diallo and Cesare Casadei. 21-year-old Amad spent last season on loan at Sunderland, scoring 13 goals in 37 Championship appearances to fire the Black Cats into the mix for promotion. Amad and Sunderland ultimately came up short, but his form in red and white has attracted the attention of new Leicester boss Enzo Maresca. He's looking for additional ammunition at King Power Stadium after losing James Maddison to Tottenham, while Harvey Barnes is also expected to return to the Premier League. As for Casedei, he's gone on Chelsea's pre-season tour after spending the second half of the 2022/23 season on loan at Reading, but is expected to depart for more experience. The 20-year-old is a defensive-minded midfielder who arrived at Stamford Bridge from Inter on a six-year contract. Bournemouth hope to back up their lofty ambitions with the signings of Bristol City midfielder Alex Scott and AZ Alkmaar wing-back Milos Kerkez. The Cherries surprised many onlookers by comfortably staving off relegation last season, only to then replace Gary O'Neil as manager with Rayo Vallecano boss Andoni Iraola. Hamed Traore and Justin Kluivert have already joined Bournemouth on permanent deals and there's hope a deal can be struck for emerging midfielder Scott. Wolves also like the 19-year-old, who is valued at around  £25m. Kerkez is another prominent teenager to have caught the eye at AZ Alkmaar and is now primed to join Bournemouth ahead of Lazio, despite their return to Champions League competition. Brighton and Fulham are going head-to-head for Fiorentina centre-back Igor, who featured prominently in the club's run to last season's Europa Conference League final. The 25-year-old has already been the subject of a rejected bid from the Cottagers, which could allow Brighton to step in if they're able to agree a fee with Fiorentina. The Seagulls are in the market for a left-footed centre-back having missed out on Levi Colwill on a permanent basis and have also been tracking Ajax's Calvin Bassey in addition to Igor. Leeds are finalising the finer details of a deal for Chelsea's Ethan Ampadu, seeing off interest from the likes of Sheffield United, Burnley, Fulham, West Brom and Coventry in the process. The 22-year-old has spent the last two seasons on loan in Serie A - at Venezia and Spezia respectively - having already spent time at Sheffield United and RB Leipzig. A permanent  £7m move is now in the offing, ending a Chelsea career that has offered up just one Premier League appearance. Leeds are also set to reunite new manager Daniel Farke with versatile full-back Sam Byram, who is available on a free transfer following the expiry of his Norwich contract.