Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is confident the Red Devils will be able to push ahead with their transfer business this summer, despite uncertainty over the ownership of the club. United's current owners, the Glazer family, have received significant bids from the likes of Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al-Thani and Sir Jim Ratcliffe - 90min understands the latter's offer is favoured - but there remains significant uncertainty over the entire process. Just whether the Glazers will remain at the club as part of any takeover is unclear, while the decision over a sale has dragged on for months and will now overlap with the summer transfer window, sparking fears that Ten Hag may not receive the financial backing he needs to bolster the team. However, the Dutchman is confident he will be able to push ahead with his plans for the squad this summer regardless of what is going on behind the scenes. "Yeah, that's what I'm doing and that's our job," he told Sky Sports News when asked if he has been able to plan adequately for the summer amid all the uncertainty. feed "This season that has to be our energy and the focus, but of course we are also planning for the future, for next season and that's what we have to do. And that is also talking with your scouting department, recruitment responsibilities, and talking with players of course." Asked whether he was confident United could move for their top targets even if the Glazers remain at the club, Ten Hag added: "I think so. I came in here [at the end of] last season and we talked about what can we do in the squad, what can we do in transfers. "And last year, the club confirmed they can do. So, for me, I don't think anything changed and yeah, in this summer period we can do the same." A new striker is high on Ten Hag's wish list. Tottenham's Harry Kane remains the top target, while Napoli's Victor Osimhen, Juventus' Dusan Vlahovic and Inter's Lautaro Martinez are all under consideration as well. 90min understands there are plans to sign more than one new forward. Ten Hag also wants a new centre-back and is keen on Napoli's Kim Min-jae, whose bargain release clause of anywhere between    40m and    60m has piqued the interest of a number of clubs across Europe.