Manchester United's transfer strategy has been largely derided by football fans throughout the summer. While deals for Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen appear shrewd, big money signing Lisandro Martinez has struggled in his first few games and players appear hesitant to move to Old Trafford. New manager Erik ten Hag has been clear in his desire to improve the quality of his squad, having lost his first two games since succeeding Ralf Rangnick. With two weeks left to make signings, the rumour mill has been churning out United story after United story, but only a certain few would make sense for the Premier League giants. As they attempt to end the summer on a positive note, 90min picks out the players they need to get in before the window closes on 1 September. United have bounced around from midfield target to midfield target and have landed on Real Madrid legend Casemiro. Having signed Raphael Varane from Los Blancos last summer, United are continuing their quest to replicate their multiple-time Champions League winning XI with the defensive midfielder. Now 30, Casemiro has arguably enjoyed the peak of his career at the Bernabeu and any hopes of replicated success at Old Trafford will have to be put on ice for a season or two given the current squad of the Red Devils, but his experience and knowhow will be a major plus for Ten Hag. A deal has already been announced in principle but is yet to be fully completed. One potential left-field move for United this summer is a loan for Chelsea's USMNT forward Christian Pulisic. Signing for the Blues in 2019 from Borussia Dortmund, the 23-year-old has blown hot and cold in the Premier League due to injury issues and competition for places in Thomas Tuchel's squad. United's goalscoring options are a little unproven, like Pulisic, but a loan deal would at least bolster their squad depth. United have been linked with a move for Ajax winger Antony throughout the summer and are thought to have revived their interest recently, seeing an  £68m offer turned down. The Brazilian was brilliant last season, contributing eight goals and four assists in the Eredivisie while also enjoying success in the Champions League. Ten Hag is keen to be reunited with his former player, but a massive  £78m bid looks needed to prise Antony away from Amsterdam. Just two games in and there are already major question marks looming over David de Gea. The Spaniard hasn't looked compatible with Ten Hag's passing style during their first two league games, though any new goalkeeper is still likely to be brought in as back-up. Sommer has a great reputation in Germany, having spent almost ten years with Borussia Monchengladbach, and there would be few better deputies in the Premier League if he did join. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Erik ten Hag wanting to sign five players before the transfer window closes, and Man Utd's attitude to selling Cristiano Ronaldo. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! It looks like United will be bringing in Casemiro, but it's Frenkie de Jong whose future has dominated the back pages this summer. Barcelona have been trying to push him out all summer and had agreed a fee with United, but the small issue of    17m in deferred wages and De Jong's desire to stay have brought any potential deal to a standstill. It's likely to be a saga that goes down to the wire, with Chelsea also interested, but movement right now is at a minimum. Sure, United have already signed their primary transfer target in defence and their personnel is overflowing at the back.