Three months ago, Jesse Lingard was an undisputed flop at Manchester United. Now he is said to be on the radar of European giants like Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Inter.  Just let that sink in for a second. Lingard didn't play a single minute of Premier League football in the first half of the season, but he has been rejuvenated since joining West Ham United on loan in January. He has already racked up eight goals and four assists in just nine games, keeping the Hammers in the hunt for Champions League football. With United ready to sell and West Ham eager to buy, this transfer saga seemed pretty straightforward, but according to ESPN, there are some major hurdles for the Hammers to navigate if they want to land Lingard permanently. As the story goes, Lingard's form and availability have alerted some of the game's biggest clubs. Some of the Premier League's top six are keen, while there has also been interest from Real, PSG and Inter - three sides who could well end up champions of their respective divisions. Lingard is keen to keep all his options open until the end of the season. His primary ambition is to play Champions League football, and he may end up being the catalyst behind West Ham's first foray into Europe's top competition. Who else?!       Jesse Lingard is on fire! ? He puts West Ham ahead with a clever finish.? Watch on Sky Sports PL? Follow #WHULEI here: https://t.co/sIxZE7PBWa? Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/52NBhsJGgG West Ham are understood to be ready to do 'whatever it takes' to land Lingard, who has been slapped with a price tag of around  £30m. There had been suggestions that United could try to capitalise on that desperation by using Lingard in a swap deal for midfielder Declan Rice, but the Hammers have put their foot down and warned United that Rice will not be part of any deal this summer. There have yet to be any formal talks between the two clubs, who must discuss a traditional transfer as West Ham do not have the option to buy Lingard as part of the loan deal. It's not hard to imagine Lingard wanting to stay at West Ham, but with big boys like Real, PSG and Inter all sniffing around, the 28-year-old may have some decisions to make this summer. A permanent move to West Ham still looks like the most likely outcome in this one. The European suitors would be taking an enormous risk if they chose to shell out on a player whom United deemed not good enough just a few months ago, and in a world where  £30m isn't pocket change anymore, it might be a step too far.