Manchester United may be the only club who attempt to sign West Ham midfielder Declan Rice this summer. The England star has been tracked by Manchester City and Chelsea as well, but both have other priority areas to strengthen. Liverpool's plans to rebuild their ageing midfield could lead to a bid for Borussia Dortmund and England star Jude Bellingham in 2023. Clubs looking to buy Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig this summer will have to spend around  £80m, although a release clause in any new contract could lower that figure. Manchester United and PSG are just two of many teams linked. Memphis Depay has rejected talk that he wants to leave Barcelona to have another crack at the Premier League. Liverpool and Bayern Munich have emerged as potential suitors for RB Leipzig midfielder Konrad Laimer, who has already been linked with Tottenham and Manchester United. Napoli won   t sell star striker Victor Osimhen, who is an option for Arsenal, for less than  £100m. Jesse Lingard could leave England for a new challenge in Italy when his Manchester United contract expires next month. Juventus and AC Milan are considering him as an option. Juventus have pulled out of pursuing Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, who is on the radar at Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. Arsenal will make one final attempt to persaude Eddie Nketiah to sign a new contract at Emirates Stadium. Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso are keen to join Barcelona from Chelsea. Teammate Andreas Christensen has already agreed a move to Camp Nou when his contract expires this summer. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders  &  Graeme Bailey.  Toby Cudworth  joins the show again this week to discuss how Erik ten Hag's appointment may affect Man Utd's pursuit of Paul Mitchell. There is also chat on the futures of Jesse Lingard & David de Gea and a look at what Newcastle are planning this summer. Real Madrid midfielder Dani Ceballos is open to signing a new contract having played his way back into Carlo Ancelotti's thoughts. The Spaniard has a year left on his current deal. Tottenham are looking for a centre-back in the summer and have eyes on either Inter defender Alessandro Bastoni or RB Leipzig talent Josko Gvardiol. Following revelations that Steven Bergwijn is considering a Tottenham exit, Ajax are showing interest in the 24-year-old Netherlands winger. Leeds are delaying a new contract for Kalvin Phillips until June. The midfielder has been linked with a number of clubs, including Manchester United, Liverpool, Newcastle and Aston Villa. Norwich are ready to sell Max Aarons this summer following their relegation to the Championship. The right-back has previously had a long list of suitors, including Arsenal, Manchester United and even Barcelona.