Wilfried Zaha could finally be set to leave Crystal Palace this summer, with his latest price tag set at just  £30m.  The 27-year-old has been toying with a move away from Selhurst Park for years, as he is eager to take the next step in his career. Although he still has another three years left on his contract, he could finally be on his way out this transfer window. As reported by The Sun, Crystal Palace are prepared to sell Zaha for a cut price this summer, with the Ivorian asking for a move away. The Eagles would be willing to accept an offer as low as  £30m, a massive drop from their previous asking price of up to  £80m.  Although no club is decisively in the race to sign Zaha, there has been reported interest from Manchester United. The slashed price tag could prove to be a big incentive for the Red Devils, who may look to further strengthen their attacking options for next season. Chelsea are also rumoured to be interested, though a move for the winger seems very unlikely. The reduced price could tempt Frank Lampard, but with the recent arrivals of Hakim Ziyech, Timo Werner and potentially Kai Havertz, the Blues are not looking to sign any more attackers. Zaha had an underwhelming season for Crystal Palace, recording four goals and five assists while featuring in every Premier League game. His return of nine goal contributions is the Ivorian   s lowest for five years, just half of his tally from last season. The revised  £30m asking price is likely a result of his performances this season, alongside his status as the highest-earning player at Palace. The coronavirus pandemic is also certainly a reason for the lower fee, with all clubs making having their profits slashed, leaving them unable to spend as much as usual. A return to Manchester United could be on the table for Zaha, five years on from his Old Trafford departure. He left Palace for United back in 2013, yet only mustered four appearances among three loan spells - two of them being back to Crystal Palace.