90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Thomas Tuchel has wasted little time in telling Bayern Munich that he wants to sign Tottenham striker Harry Kane this summer, with England's record goalscorer his top transfer priority. (Football Insider) Manchester United, who have also been linked with Kane, are interested in Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos, who comes with a    120m release clause. (Record) Another Man Utd-linked striker, Brighton's Evan Ferguson, will reject a move to Old Trafford this summer in favour of continuing his development at the AMEX. (The Sun) Arsenal are ready to reignite their interest in Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo in the summer. (Football Transfers) Chelsea will battle Arsenal for the signing of another midfield target, Everton's Amadou Onana. (Fichajes) Jurgen Klopp is pushing Liverpool to step up their interest in RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol. The Croatia international is also of interest to Chelsea, Manchester City and Real Madrid. (Football Insider) READ NEXT manual Liverpool are willing to pay the    40m release clause of Celta Vigo midfielder Gabri Veiga, who is on the radars of Real Madrid and Barcelona. (AS) Officials at Manchester City believe Ilkay Gundogan wants to leave the club this summer when his contract expires, with Barcelona prepared to offer him a two-year contract to move to Camp Nou. (Sport) Barcelona are urging Dani Olmo to reject a new contract with RB Leipzig in the hope of signing him on a free transfer in 2024. (Mundo Deportivo) Also on Barcelona's radar for a free transfer is Chelsea striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The Blaugrana do not want to pay a penny to re-sign the Gabon international, who was sold for  £12m last summer. (Football Insder) Paris Saint-Germain are ready to trigger their    12m buy-back clause to re-sign midfielder Xavi Simons from PSV Eindhoven and hope that a    4m signing fee and    4m agent payment will get the job done. (ESPN) Atletico Madrid have made contact with the agents of Real Madrid midfielder Dani Ceballos over a free transfer when his current deal expires in the summer. (Marca) LISTEN NOW