The wife of Manchester United goalkeeper Sergio Romero has put the Red Devils on blast over their refusal to allow the Argentine to leave Old Trafford this summer. Dean Henderson's return to United means Romero is now the third-choice goalkeeper at the club, and with that status comes the unwanted realisation that game time is likely to be near-impossible to find for the foreseeable future. Romero's fall down the pecking order prompted plenty of rumours about a potential move away from Old Trafford before Monday's transfer deadline, with the likes of Everton and Valencia both thought to be keen, but nothing materialised. Before the 11pm deadline even arrived, Romero's wife, Eliana Guercio, took to Instagram to condemn the club's treatment of the goalkeeper, suggesting the decision was made in advance that he was going nowhere.    Sergio Romero worked hard for his club. Last trophy they won, they lifted it with him,    Guercio wrote. "He helped the team reach 4 finals/semi finals and then he was left on the bench only to lose them all. It is time for them to return the opportunity and let him go. RESPECT FOR ONCE!!!!'    A post shared by Eliana Guercio (@elianaguercio12) on Oct 5, 2020 at 11:24am PDT It seems possible that United will have wanted to keep Romero around just in case Henderson fails to displace De Gea and leaves the club in January, which would then see the Argentine bumped back up to number two. According to a previous report from The Times, it was money which was the main problem. United wanted  £10m to part ways with the 33-year-old, which obviously no club fancied paying. Even a loan deal proved too challenging to complete as Romero is thought to take home close to  £100,000-a-week in wages, with no interested side prepared to match those demands for an ageing goalkeeper with just one year left on his contract. ??? ???? ??? ??????????.Ladies and gentlemen: introducing @ECavaniOfficial...#MUFC pic.twitter.com/2tBLCdtjdL It was an expensive deadline day for United, who managed to bring Edinson Cavani, Alex Telles and Facundo Pellistri over to Old Trafford as well as agreeing a  £27m move for Atalanta youngster Amad Traor  , who will move to England in January 2021.