The agent of Real Madrid left-back Ferland Mendy believes that the club won't be able to add Kylian Mbappe to their squad this summer for financial reasons. 90min understands that Mbappe has told Paris Saint-Germain he will not sign a new contract beyond 2024, and the French champions do not intend to lose him for free next summer. PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi has held talks with Mbappe's agent and mother, Fayza Lamari, regarding the club's transfer stance. In an interview with After Foot, the agent of France teammate Mendy, Yvan Le Mee, believes that Mbappe's refusal to appoint a representative from outside his family has cost him a move to Real Madrid. "It's not her job, she doesn't have the ability to act. I wanted to start a restaurant but I don't know how to cook, so I didn't. For a moment, you just have to be in reality and do what you know how to do. To make arrangements for your son and other players, you should have a license," he said. "I am convinced that if he had had an agent at the time of the negotiations with Real Madrid two years ago, he would have gone to Real Madrid. "When you don't have the codes, when you don't have the uses and customs, when you talk to the leader of a historic club as if you were talking to someone you've known for a long time, maybe it doesn't work. You may not know how to handle the situation to get there. He's still in Paris and he obviously doesn't seem happy to be there." feed Real Madrid retain their long-term interest in signing Mbappe, but Le Mee does not expect a move to go through this summer. "It's a club that currently doesn't have the money for a transfer," he said of Real Madrid. "Real Madrid cannot afford his salary, which is    40m net per year, plus the famous bonus of    30m net per year. He earns between    70m and    75m net, while Karim Benzema earned    13m." Real Madrid's only natural number nine is now loanee Joselu. Harry Kane is also of interest to Los Blancos, but if they are unable to bring in another striker before the end of the window, reports in Spain claim that Carlo Ancelotti will use Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo as inverted forwards to compensate.