Bayern Munich remain interested in signing Harry Kane but do not believe that negotiations with Tottenham Hotspur would be easy and are keen to avoid a protracted saga, 90min understands. The Bavarians are looking to add a striker to their ranks this summer having failed to replace Robert Lewandowski in 2022, with club president Herbert Hainer confirming these plans upon their exit from the Champions League at the quarter-final stage last month. They first made their interest in Kane public in July 2022 when then-boss Julian Nagelsmann - ironically now in the frame for the Spurs job - admitted his admiration in the England captain, infuriating opposite number Antonio Conte. Several senior figures at Bayern have spoken of their adoration for Kane in interviews since, though often have stressed that the finances behind a deal would be a stumbling block. 90min has long reported that Bayern believe Kane would be open to a move abroad, and while this is still the case, sources have confirmed that they are starting to get cold feet. Bayern have held talks with intermediaries and the general feedback has been that any negotiations for Kane would not be easy and they are determined not to get dragged into a lengthy transfer saga. feed 90min understands that while Kane is keeping his options open and a move to the Allianz Arena does still appeal to him, he is delaying a decision on his future until Tottenham appoint a new head coach and director of football, at which point he will reassess contract negotiations. His current deal expires in 2024. But Bayern want to move swiftly in their search for a striker and are now strongly pursuing backup target Randal Kolo Muani. Eintracht Frankfurt are currently asking for    100m for the France international, which is a sum Bayern are unwilling to reach and talks are continuing. Head coach Thomas Tuchel was asked about the club's interest in Kolo Muani at a press conference on Friday, initially laughing before replying: "I cannot confirm that [he is a target]. I wouldn't confirm it even if it were the case. At the moment, that's not a topic." Kolo Muani has scored 21 goals in 41 games for Frankfurt since joining from Nantes last summer, while he starred in France's run to the World Cup final in Qatar, famously being denied by a superb Emi Martinez save in the last minute of extra-time.