Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo has confessed he would not be able to reject a move to Chelsea this summer. Caicedo is the Blues' top target to replenish their midfield following the summer departures of Mason Mount, Mateo Kovacic, N'Golo Kante and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, and the Blues have long been in talks with Brighton over a summer deal. The sticking point has been Brighton's price tag of  £100m which was drawn from Declan Rice's imminent move to Arsenal. The West Ham midfielder has commanded a fee of  £105m and Brighton do not believe Caicedo should be much cheaper. Negotiations between the two clubs have proven difficult but Chelsea would seemingly not face the same difficulties in talks with Caicedo, who conceded he would be unable to turn the Blues down this summer. "It's a big team, that's true," he told Maria Jose Flores when asked about Chelsea's interest. "A very historic team and I can't say no, because it's a very big, historic, beautiful team.  "The city as well is beautiful. It's got everything beautiful." feed Brighton have expressed an interest in seeing Chelsea offer centre-back Levi Colwill as part of any bid for Caicedo but the Blues have made it abundantly clear that they are not entertaining such an idea. Colwill shone last season on loan at Brighton and the Seagulls are one of a number of sides to have enquired about his availability this summer, including both Liverpool and Manchester City, but Chelsea's stance has always been the same. Colwill is due to report back for pre-season with Chelsea in the coming days and will speak with manager Mauricio Pochettino about his future at the club, having spoken openly during the summer about his desire to see regular minutes next season. "I   ve got to play at the end of the day," he told reporters after his triumphant European campaign with England Under-21s. Chelsea have a number of midfielders on their radar this summer but are currently focused on Caicedo, although club officials have not yet ruled out a move for a second midfielder as well.