 Bayer Leverkusen star Kai Havertz is no longer expected to stay and finish the German side's Europa League campaign this summer, paving the way for a move to Chelsea to be finalised in the near future. The Blues are expected to get a deal over the line in time for next season, but it was initially expected that Havertz would stay in Leverkusen to finish their European campaign, with manager Peter Bosz recently admitting he hoped to count on Havertz this summer. However, as noted by Sport Bild's Christian Falk, something has changed and Havertz is no longer expected to be retained until the Europa League is over, with Chelsea's negotiations for the German now 'getting hot'. Technical director Petr   ech is expected to fly to Germany to hold concrete talks with Leverkusen officials to get a deal over the line, with Chelsea expected to pay anywhere between  £70m and  £90m for one of the most in-demand players around right now. In the meantime, Leverkusen's Spanish Twitter account has been having some fun with the whole thing, asking fans whether they would like to see Havertz 'in blue'. https://t.co/YuaMf69a3S pic.twitter.com/b8oPmTCK8r It's all looking good on the Havertz front, but the same cannot be said for Chelsea's pursuit of Ajax goalkeeper Andr   Onana, who is one of many names under consideration to replace Kepa Arrizabalaga. De Telegraaf note that Leverkusen are already looking to spend that Havertz money by striking a deal for Onana, with contact between the two clubs already made. Chelsea have fallen behind in the race to sign the Cameroon international as they are yet to find a destination for Arrizabalaga. Leverkusen started the bidding at around  £18m, but Ajax are holding out for closer to the  £27m mark, so Chelsea do still have time to involve themselves. There have been suggestions that Chelsea want a new goalkeeper regardless of what happens with Arrizabalaga, but benching the world's most expensive shot stopper for the foreseeable future is obviously not ideal for anyone involved.