Borussia Dortmund have no plans to sell Jude Bellingham next summer, 90min understands, with a new and improved contract already agreed with the England international. The 18-year-old enjoyed a breakthrough campaign in 2020/21 following his  £25m arrival from Birmingham City, starring in both the Bundesliga and the Champions League before breaking into the Three Lions' squad for Euro 2020. Bellingham already has a goal and three assists in just five appearances this term, and is inevitably garnering plenty of interest from across Europe. However, 90min understands the midfielder doubled his wages to around  £100,000 per week and added two years to his stay at Signal Iduna Park when a clause in his contract was mutually agreed upon on his 18th birthday in late June, with his deal now not due to expire until 2025. 90min revealed in April that Bellingham would be offered fresh terms having surpassed the expectations of the Dortmund hierarchy. Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City and Liverpool have all been in regular contact over the teenager, but the Bundesliga giants do not expect him to be among their major outgoings in 2022. Norwegian sensation Erling Haaland is widely expected to depart that club when his  £65m release clause comes into play next summer, and BVB are anticipating interest in USMNT midfielder Gio Reyna too. With those significant losses to the squad, Dortmund will not entertain the possibility of letting Bellingham follow them through the exit door and are under no pressure to sell - as was the case with Haaland this summer - after the agreement to extend the youngster's contract beyond 2023. The player will not agitate for a move either, instead focussing on breaking into the England starting XI ahead of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, which will be a matter of months away come the end of the season. Dortmund hope to build their squad around Bellingham and fellow talented teenager, 16-year-old forward Youssoufa Moukoko, as they look to the future and mounting a sustained challenge to Bayern Munich's Bundesliga dominance.