Real Madrid are closing in on the signing of Kylian Mbappe, despite reports across Europe insisting that the French forward could extend his contract at Paris Saint-Germain beyond the end of this season. Al Hilal have joined Al-Nassr in the the race to sign Arsenal outcast Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, with the Saudi club prepared to pay the striker's wages in full in an initial loan deal. The Gabon international is also wanted by Milan, Juventus, PSG, Sevilla, and Marseille. PSG remain locked in talks with Tottenham over a potential loan move for Tanguy Ndombele, but the Frenchman is also wanted by former boss Jose Mourinho at Roma, who could offer Jordan Veretout as part of a swap deal. Barcelona winger Ousmane Dembele is drumming up plenty of interest after both he and the club announced that he should leave this month. Catalan reports state that two unnamed German sides have made loan offers for the Frenchman, while Chelsea have emerged as a possible destination in recent days. Manchester United forward Anthony Martial remains a target for Spanish side Sevilla, but they are eyeing former Celtic and Fulham striker Moussa Dembele as an alternative option. Martial still has other suitors in the form of Juventus and Barcelona. Milan remain on the hunt for a new centre-back and could turn to Newcastle target Sven Botman, though Lille have now ruled out a sale this window. The Rossoneri are continuing to monitor Spurs youngster Japhet Tanganga. Southampton remain eager to sign Chelsea loanee Armando Broja on a permanent deal, though Saints boss Ralph Hasenhuttl has urged the Albania international to focus on his football for the time being. Tottenham have had a  £15m bid for Adama Traore knocked back by Wolves, though the north Londoners remain confident of signing the Spaniard before the transfer deadline. Ralf Rangnick has admitted he personally blocked the loan departure of Man Utd youngster Anthony Elanga, who appeared to be on his way out of Old Trafford before the German's arrival. Watford boss Claudio Ranieri has confirmed that the club are interested in signing Liverpool want-away Nathanial Phillips. Spurs are expected to announce that club captain Hugo Lloris has signed a new two-year contract in the coming days. The World Cup winner had been tentatively linked with a return to boyhood club Nice with his current deal up in the summer.