90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Newcastle and Tottenham are both ready to move for Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku next summer once his loan with Inter expires. (Calciomercatoweb) Spurs are also keeping a close eye on the situation at Everton, where goalkeeper Jordan Pickford remains a potential summer target. (Football Insider) Despite their interest in signing Brighton's Moises Caicedo this month, Arsenal remain interested in West Ham midfielder Declan Rice and hope to unite the two at the Emirates at the end of the current season. (The Telegraph) Paris Saint-Germain have agreed to sign Inter centre-back Milan Skriniar on a free transfer in the summer. They have failed with a    10m bid to sign the 27-year-old straight away with month, with the Serie A side holding out for at least double that. (Sky Italia) Inter are now searching for replacements for Skriniar and have expressed an interest in Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof, who will not be allowed to leave on loan and is expected to be valued too highly by the Red Devils. (Gianluca Di Marzio) Listen now as  Scott Saunders  hosts  Graeme Bailey  and  Toby Cudworth  to discuss the latest transfer news. On today's agenda: Dusan Vlahovic, Anthony Gordon, Enzo Fernandes, Amadou Onana, Malo Gusto, Nicolo Zaniolo, Pedro Porro, Weston McKennie, Milan Skriniar, Maiximo Perrone & more! If you can't see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! Montpellier striker Elye Wahi has played his way on to the radars of a number of European giants. Arsenal, Liverpool, Manchester City and Tottenham all want to bring the 20-year-old to England, while Juventus are keen also. (Foot Mercato) Benfica are hoping to hand Enzo Fernandez a    2m bonus to sign a new contract which would raise his release clause from    120m to    150m, as they continue to fend off interest from Chelsea. (Record) Agent Jorge Mendes has approached Barcelona to encourage them to move for Manchester City full-back Joao Cancelo, who has fallen out of favour under Pep Guardiola this season. (Fichajes)