Arsenal do not expect midfielder Jorginho to leave before the end of the summer transfer window despite rumoured interest from Fenerbahce. The Gunners recruited the Italy international back in January and he has since courted maintained interest from Serie A sides Lazio and Juventus. While a good offer would be enough for Arsenal to sell Jorginho - much like teammate Thomas Partey's current situation - 90min understands he isn't in talks with Turkish side Fenerbahce and an exit is not currently on the cards. Arsenal are preparing to let goalkeeper Matt Turner depart after agreeing an  £8m deal with Nottingham Forest for the USMNT international. Turner joined Arsenal in 2022 as back-up to Aaron Ramsdale and featured at the 2022 World Cup with the United States. Forest used Dean Henderson and Keylor Navas as goalies last season. Steve Cooper's side still like Manchester United's Henderson, but their preference for a loan deal due to his injury record differs to United favouring a permanent move. Roma defender Roger Ibanez was also a target for Forest, with talks over a    30m deal being held, but he has instead elected to join Saudi Pro League side Al Ahli. Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski is another player who will soon seal a move to the Middle East. Poland international Zielinski, who was a key figure in his side's historic Serie A title win last season, will soon confirm his move to Al Ahli, where Roberto Firmino, Allan Saint-Maximin and Edouard Mendy have all relocated this summer. Napoli are targeting Teun Koopmeiners and Gabri Veiga as potential replacements. Atalanta aren't looking to sell Koopmeiners for any less than    50m, while a    30m offer for Veiga was rejected by Celta Vigo. Paris Saint-Germain have agreed personal terms with Eintracht Frankfurt striker Randal Kolo Muani and a deal is close to completion. PSG see Kolo Muani as their ideal replacement for Kylian Mbappe and talks accelerated over the weekend. Youngster Hugo Ekitike was offered during negotiations, a player Frankfurt are appreciative of. The Ligue 1 champions are still tracking Joao Felix's situation, though favour a loan deal which they could pursue towards the end of the month. The Portugal forward also has an offer from Al Ahli but wants to stay in Europe. feed Burnley are ready to seize on Sheffield United's instability by pursuing a deal for Norwegian midfielder Sander Berge. The Blades have already lost Iliman Ndiaye this month and are ready to sell their other star midfielder to the Clarets. Berge only has a year left on his contract and has turned down fresh advances from United. Should a deal be agreed, Berge will still need to come through a medical, having seen a switch to Fulham in January fall through because of a knock. Burnley are also keen to wrap up a deal for Ajax striker Mohamed Daramy but face competition from Reims, who have entered the bidding late on in their search for a replacement for Folarin Balogun. Crystal Palace are in talks with Bayer Leverkusen over a loan move for centre-back Odilon Kossounou. Palace are looking to add to their options in central defence where Marc Guehi and Joachim Andersen have impressed and a deal with a    25m obligation to buy has been put forward. Leverkusen have also been in contact with Tottenham all summer over the future of fellow defender Edmond Tapsoba.