Tottenham Hotspur have ruled out selling Harry Kane to another Premier League club and have raised his price tag for foreign sides to an eye-watering  £175m to scare off any potential bidders, amid ongoing speculation about the England captain   s future. It has been increasingly rumoured in recent months that Kane is growing frustrated with Spurs    lack of silverware and failure to challenge in the biggest competitions, which could lead him to consider his future at the club. Tottenham have been going backwards in the Premier League since finishing second in 2016/17 and haven   t been further than the last 16 in the Champions League since 2011 other than reaching the final in 2019. Their European campaign this season was ended by a shock 3-0 defeat to Dinamo Zagreb in the Europa League last month, while they are battling hard just to finish in the Premier League top six. Spurs are determined not to lose a player who thy have developed since the age of 11 and has scored over 200 goals in the last seven seasons. He is very much back to his best in 2020/21 and is on course to go over 30 goals in all competitions for the first time since 2017/18. But interest in the 27-year-old is there amid concern about his prospects at Spurs. Real Madrid are rumoured to be monitoring Kane in addition to other targets like Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland, while Manchester City are considering him as an alternative if they fail to land Haaland. The Sun reports that Kane will not force his way out of Spurs, even though he realises he may have to if he is to compete for the biggest trophies, and hopes the club can still match his ambitions. But even if it is Kane who indicates a willingness to leave, it is said that Spurs will    dig their heels in    and make it    almost impossible    for him to go unless he runs down his contract that expires in 2024. To do that, the club will outright refuse to do business with another Premier League side and will demand    in excess of    an unaffordable  £175m (   206m) from any European giants. That figure is higher than previous estimates of his valuation by Spurs, which stood at  £150m. Kane himself has remained coy on the subject of his future. He has refused to outright discuss it but has equally skirted around the issue of potentially moving on and hasn   t ruled anything out.    I think that   s a hard question to answer right now,    he said last weekend.    It   s important that all my focus is on the England games coming up now and the rest of the season with Spurs and then the Euros. To be thinking about speculation or rumours would be damaging in terms of my own performance.