Tottenham head coach Jos   Mourinho has taken an indirect swipe - albeit a playful one - at Manchester City, suggesting he'd have a much easier time managing at another club because you can 'just break the rules' when it comes to spending. City's two-year expulsion from the Champions League and    30m fine was overturned by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) earlier this week, meaning the four-time Premier League champions are free to compete in next season's competition. Instead, they will only pay a    10m fine. Mourinho's Spurs have been unable to haul themselves into contention for a Champions League qualification spot, attempting to salvage a disappointing campaign by securing a place in next season's Europa League. Rival boss Mikel Arteta, who manages north London rivals Arsenal, spoke this week of the financial struggles he is facing in a bid to return to his club to the Champions League, and Mourinho - speaking in his pre-match press conference ahead of the weekend clash with Leicester - suggested that he too faces a 'complicated' situation; though if he were in charge of another club, it would be that much easier. "For some clubs, it's easy. You just break the rules, you forget the Financial Fair Play, you spend what you want and you get the good players. Easy," Mourinho said. "For some other clubs, it's more difficult - you want to follow the rules, you don't want to be seen with the eyes [to be] breaking the rules and not playing a fair competition. For this profile of club, the situation is more complicated." When pressed on what Tottenham's transfer plans are for this summer, Mourinho was coy - but intimated that he has already identified where he'd like to strengthen. "First of all, it's to be realistic. I know where the best players in the world are, if we sit together [with you] and have a coffee, I can give you a shortlist of the best players in the world per position," he continued. "For some, it's easier to do it. [For] others it's more difficult because that's not realistic, so the most important thing is to be realistic, analyse market opportunities, analyse the club's that would be willing to sell, analyse a player that is in the end of his contract or the last year of his contract. "I know exactly what we need, I know exactly what I would like and I know how to be realistic. The club also knows me a little bit better now, and I think - although only Mr Levy can say - that it's very easy to work with me because I'm very open, very pragmatic.  I like to write it and I like to do my periodical reports to the club analysing the situation.