Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Harry Winks is ready to consider his future at the club after admitting he finds himself at a 'difficult' point in his career. Once seen as the future of Spurs' midfield, the 24-year-old has managed just four Premier League appearances this season - with his only three starts coming in the team's first three games of the season. Since the 1-1 draw with Newcastle back in September, Winks has been an unused substitute twice and has been dropped from the squad altogether on a further two occasions, with his sole appearance lasting 17 minutes as Spurs conceded three late goals in the 3-3 draw with West Ham. The lack of minutes hasn't harmed Winks' England chances, however, and he confessed (via The Telegraph) that he needs more opportunities at club level if he is to remain part of the Three Lions' squad.    Definitely, my situation at Tottenham is difficult at the moment and it   s important that I keep fighting and working as hard as I can to stay in the squad and to stay in the team," he said.    Every time I get the opportunity for England, I love it. It's a great place to play football here, it   s free and the lads get on really well, it's a great place to come to. I want to be a part of that in the Euros and I want to be in the starting XI in the Euros as well. But, yes, it's important that back at Tottenham I get the opportunities there and I stay in the team there as well.    It is said that Winks is prepared to consider his future at the club in January if his situation does not change, with the 24-year-old fearing that a lack of minutes will see him tumble down the pecking order under Gareth Southgate. At club level, Jose Mourinho has preferred the likes of summer signing Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Moussa Sissoko, while Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso have both been handed minutes over Winks. The England man still has four years left to run on the contract he signed back in 2019, so Spurs will feel under no immediate pressure to agree to a deal. 