Borussia Dortmund remain confident of finalising a deal for Karim Adeyemi and are already turning to other attacking options they want to bring in this summer, 90min understands. Adeyemi has emerged as Dortmund   s top target and they have held off competition from Bayern Munich, although the details of the deal with Red Bull Salzburg are still being hammered out. However, sources have confirmed to 90min that both Dortmund and Salzburg believe a deal will soon be confirmed. While the deal is not over the line, Dortmund believe it is a matter of when rather than if, and that means they are looking at other attacking options, with their prime targets all based in England. Two of their main targets are Timo Werner and Anthony Martial, both of whom will be available from their respective clubs Chelsea and Manchester United. Martial has made it known for some time that he is not happy with life at Old Trafford. That led to his January move to Spain with Sevilla and although things have not gone quite as well as expected, he is still appealing to a host of teams - Dortmund being one of them. Werner too has found this season something of a struggle. He has just one Premier League goal, having started only eight games, and 90min understands the Germany international is set to push for an exit from Stamford Bridge at the end of the season. Dortmund have already made it known to Chelsea that they want to be kept informed of the 26-year-old   s situation, who in turn is believed to be very interested in a return to the Bundesliga. Another player who has emerged as a target and possible option for Dortmund is Gabriel Jesus. Jesus is in the midst of contract talks with City, but a new deal has not yet been agreed and it remains to be seen whether he will sign fresh terms at the Etihad. The Brazil international has just 15 months left on his current deal and City want his future resolved in the summer. One avenue being investigated by Dortmund is the possibility of landing Jesus in a possible exchange deal should City secure an agreement with Erling Haaland.