Manchester United are in talks with Edinson Cavani's representatives regarding a surprise move - with reports suggesting that a move is agreed, despite his insanely high wage demands and substantial agents fees. The Red Devils have only brought in Donny van de Beek from Ajax so far in what has been a hugely  underwhelming window so far. While United remain interested in signing a right-winger - Jadon Sancho remains the primary target - before Monday's transfer deadline, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has also been keen to strengthen in the striking department. This is particularly the case as Odion Ighalo's loan deal expires in January. It was recently noted that United had opened talks with free agent Cavani regarding a possible move, while the Premier League giants allegedly enquired about the availability of Luka Jovic on loan. Fabrizio Romano reported early on Saturday that the Red Devils were in talks with Cavani's agents, with the striker searching for a long-term deal. Not only that, he is also keen to earn more than    10m per season, as well as pocketing huge fees for his agents. Indeed, Cavani has been offered to United and a number of other unspecified clubs following his departure from PSG. While a move seems high unlikely on the surface, ESPN's Moi Llorens has since reported that an agreement has been reached. He tweeted that the Uruguayan international will travel to Manchester from Paris on Sunday afternoon to undergo a medical, with an announcement possible within 24 hours. NOTICIA @ESPNFC @ESPNDeportes @ECavaniOfficial jugar   las dos pr  ximas temporadas en el @ManUtd* Acuerdo cerrado esta tarde* Cavani viajar   ma  ana a Manchester desde Par  s para pasar la revisi  n m  dica* Si todo va bien, se anuncia domingo o lunesEn breve, + informaci  n United's interest in bringing in a new striker to take the pressure off Anthony Martial is understandable, and Cavani does fit the profile of striker capable of playing for United. Indeed, he's won numerous trophies during a very successful spell with Paris Saint-Germain, and was previously one of Serie A's leading marksman while he was at Napoli.