After failing to make many significant additions to his squad during the European transfer window, West Ham United manager David Moyes has turned his attention to the Championship and is eyeing moves for a handful of players from the division before the domestic deadline passes. Apart from triggering their option to sign midfielder Tom     Sou  ek permanently, West Ham's only senior addition was emergency right-back Vladim  r Coufal, who was brought in late on after Ryan Fredericks went down with a nasty injury. Czech mates ? pic.twitter.com/kQoXLvcg2P While further attempts to bolster the squad before Monday's deadline failed, but the EFL transfer window remains open until 16 October, meaning Moyes could still make some new signings from England's second tier over the next week. As noted by the Daily Star, Moyes has decided he needs a new midfielder after allowing both Jack Wilshere and Josh Cullen to leave the club, and he has cast a wide net in search of possible replacements for the pair. In midfield, Swansea City's Matt Grimes is being considered alongside Queens Park Rangers' Ryan Manning, the latter of whom is seen as a shrewd signing due to his ability to play in both midfield and defence. Brentford's Josh Dasilva was also on his radar, but the 21-year-old penned a new four-year contract on Tuesday and is now seen as being off the market. Moyes also hopes to add a new defender and has set his sights on Bournemouth's Steve Cook, who managed 168 Premier League appearances with the Cherries before being relegated last season. His top-flight experience has impressed Moyes, who is also considering Watford's Craig Dawson for the same reason. A third target, Cardiff City   s Sean Morrison, comes with less experience in the Premier League but is still seen as a potential candidate nonetheless. Meanwhile in attack, Josh King (Bournemouth) and Said Benrahma (Brentford) are being considered to replace Felipe Anderson, though the former appears a more likely option. Moyes is hoping that the right additions will be able to keep his side's momentum going. The Hammers have won their last two games - 4-0 against Wolves and 3-0 against Leicester - and face a hectic schedule once the international break comes to an end.