Manchester United have added Raphael Varane, Tyrone Mings and David Carmo to the shortlist of centre back options they are monitoring ahead of the summer transfer window. Pau Torres, Dayot Upamecano, Jules Kounde are among their other existing targets for the position. United are keen on landing a new centre back this year to act as a long-term partner for club captain Harry Maguire. Victor Lindelof has struggled to prove himself of the quality necessary to be a regular starter and Eric Bailly is once more battling fitness problems. 90min first revealed back in November that United see a central defender as one of their priorities in 2021. The Old Trafford club had admired Torres at Villarreal since last summer and he is at the top of the list. There is also a feeling his time there could be coming to an end after becoming a regular international for Spain and a release clause just under  £60m hasn   t put suitors off. Upamecano was also near the top of the list at one stage, although it was rumoured that United were starting to cool their interest when Bayern Munich began pursuing the player. Bayern have since entered positive early talks with the Frenchman   s representatives. 90min has also previously reported that United have been closely watching Kounde at Sevilla for many months, as well as Brighton   s Ben White and Leicester   s Caglar Soyuncu, as they thoroughly weigh up and assess plenty of possible options to make the best decision. Even as a shorter term solution, United would be interested in Sergio Ramos should the 34-year-old leave Real Madrid this summer. However, getting burnt in pursuit of the Spaniard in the past means they would only make a serious approach if that interest was genuinely reciprocated. The rest of the Premier League    Big Six    have taken a similar view on Ramos, who is most likely to join PSG. Varane has been heavily linked with United for years, but fresh doubts over the Frenchman   s future at Real Madrid has led ESPN to report that he also now one of the players Old Trafford officials are considering. The same goes for Mings, who has been central to Aston Villa   s improvement this season, as well as the towering 21-year-old Carmo at Braga. Varane has less than 18 months left on his current contract at Real Madrid and a sale in 2021 is the only way Los Blancos could command a reasonable transfer fee for the World Cup winner, who could potentially leave the Bernabeu as a free agent in 2022 if he refuses to sign a new deal.