Xavi says that Barcelona are only waiting on Lionel Messi to sign off on a sensational return to Camp Nou this summer. Messi was forced to leave Barca in 2021 after nearly two decades on their books as the club were not able to register his contract with La Liga due to strict financial restrictions. The Argentine forward headed to PSG on a free transfer, but his spell at Parc des Princes has not gone according to plan. PSG have won back-to-back Ligue 1 titles but have continued to underperform in the Champions League, and Messi is set to walk away after just two years in the French capital. 90min understands that Barcelona are confident of finalising a deal in line with La Liga to bring Messi back to Catalonia, though they do face significant competition from Saudi Pro League side Al Hilal, who are ready to make him the highest-paid footballer of all time. Reports in France claim that Al Hilal's offer to Messi could see him earn more than    1bn, while there's rumours that Barcelona want Inter Miami to help facilitate a Camp Nou return by signing and loaning him back to La Blaugrana. However, Xavi has insisted that the only thing Barca are waiting on is for Messi to sign a contract, but every other part of the deal is in place. READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed "Our fans started to mention Leo Messi   s name at every game   I like the feeling. But trust me, the comeback of Leo Messi only depends on him," Xavi told Catalan outlet TV3. "I'd say that it depends 99% on Messi. I have no doubts on football point of view - it's up to Leo." Xavi recently discussed in a separate interview with Spanish publication SPORT how Messi's return could be accomodated tactically, saying: ""Leo could play in various positions: as a false nine, as a winger, as an inside player, even at the base of midfield coming in to make the final pass. "Perhaps he has been losing his explosiveness, but we also saw an extraordinary Messi at the World Cup, with explosiveness. In the end I think he still has years ahead of him, at a very high level. Today there is no doubt that he would help us. Messi scored the crucial goal in PSG's 1-1 draw away at Strasbourg on Sunday to hand them a record 11th Ligue 1 title - the strike also saw him become the all-time record scorer in Europe's top five leagues, overtaking Cristiano Ronaldo's total of 495. LISTEN NOW