Newcastle United have not given up on signing long-term target Diego Carlos, 90min understands, while the opportunity to sign Atletico Madrid's Renan Lodi may be too good to pass up. The Magpies spent a large portion of January pursuing the centre-back, but Sevilla were not willing to let him go without his release clause being met while they were still involved in La Liga's title race. Newcastle declined to cough up a fee of more than  £60m at the time, but a new central defender remains high on head coach Eddie Howe   s list of priorities this summer. Dan Burn signed from Brighton in January, while Fabian Schar extended his contract earlier this month - but Howe would like further quality depth in the position. The manager's shortlist is predictably not dissimilar to what it was in January, and Brazilian Carlos remains among those names. It is believed that Sevilla are willing to come to the negotiating table now that the season is over. Carlos himself asked the club to let him leave for Newcastle, and sources have confirmed to 90min that interest and dialogue have persisted from the north east. However, the defender has been the subject of interest from elsewhere in the Premier League, with Aston Villa, West Ham, Arsenal, Tottenham and Leicester all being made aware of his potential availability. Another former target who could yet become an option is Sven Botman. The Dutchman is yet to finalise his move from Lille to AC Milan and the Magpies could steal in - although it remains to be seen whether a switch to Serie A has completely broken down. Burnley   s James Tarkwoski is also someone they have talked to, but the soon-to-be free agent has a number of offers from across the Premier League. 90min can confirm that Carlos is not the only Brazilian defender in Newcastle's signs, as they are also considering making a bid for Atletico Madrid left-back Lodi. Listen now to 90min's dedicated Newcastle podcast, The GallowgateShots. The Tynesiders have been made aware that Lodi would be willing to move to England, and it is believed they are now considering making a bid for him rather than pursuing a permanent deal for loanee Matt Targett.