Manchester United are prepared to wait until next summer to secure the signing of Borussia Dortmund superstar Jadon Sancho, with the club now turning their focus to alternative targets.  Dortmund's  £108m price tag for the 20-year-old's services remains the sticking point in negotiations, and it's understood Sancho himself is happy to stay in Germany for another season, while reports claim his teammates are convinced he now won't move to Old Trafford this summer.  United feel Dortmund's valuation is unrealistic in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic, while the club are also not keen on handing the England international a gargantuan  £300,000-a-week salary due to the shift it will cause on the club's wage structure. Thus, the Mirror reports United are now ready to delay their bid for Sancho until next summer, and will instead turn their attentions to alternate targets. Alongside Brooks, unwanted Juventus winger Douglas Costa is thought to be another option, as is Aston Villa's Jack Grealish. The Red Devils have been handed a boost in their pursuit of the Welsh midfielder Brooks, with Cherries boss Jason Tindall admitting the club will facilitate a move if the price is right.  "We as a football club have got a value of what we believe for our players," he told the Bournemouth Echo. "And if that value is met then players have got the opportunity to then discuss with whoever they need to discuss with and then make the decision they feel is right for them. "But first and foremost, it needs to be right for the football club and once it's right for the football club then, as you've seen in the past, I don't think it's a club that will stand in anybody's way providing that the club's happy with and it meets the valuation of the player."  £40m is understood to be the fee Bournemouth are after for Brooks' services this summer.  Preseason vibes... pic.twitter.com/PBy66y2SHC As for Sancho, he's not letting the media frenzy regarding his future affect his development in Germany.