90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal have made a contract offer to Lionel Messi worth over    400m a year. However, his preference is to stay in Europe, with Barcelona attempting to find the money to bring the forward back to the club. (Fabrizio Romano) A long-term stay at PSG seems unlikely though with Messi's contract up in the summer and talks over a new deal stalling. (ESPN) Liverpool will once again target Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo in the summer transfer window after primary target Matheus Nunes had a release clause removed from his Wolves contract. (Daily Mirror) Caicedo also remains on the shortlist of Arsenal, whose other midfield targets include West Ham's Declan Rice and Everton's Amadou Onana. (Football Insider) Back at Liverpool, the Reds are expected to make a big push to sign Mason Mount from Chelsea this summer. (Caught Offside) Manchester United have joined Liverpool and Tottenham in the race to sign Kim Min-jae from Napoli this summer, with his  £40m release clause still active. Real Madrid have also been linked with the South Korean. (Daily Mail) After spurning their advances in January 2022, Dusan Vlahovic would be interested in joining Arsenal from Juventus this summer. (FourFourTwo) Aston Villa have moved ahead of Tottenham in the queue to sign Dean Henderson from Manchester United, with Unai Emery's side braced for the departure of Emi Martinez. (Football Insider) Barcelona have deemed Pedri, Ronald Araujo and Frenkie de Jong as untouchable in regards to summer sales, with La Blaugrana almost certainly in need of moving on some of their highest earners. (SPORT) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Chelsea could re-appoint Frank Lampard as caretaker manager until the end of the season. The former midfielder was at Stamford Bridge to watch the Blues' 0-0 draw with Liverpool on Tuesday. (The Sun) Former Bayern Munich manager Julian Nagelsmann and Luis Enrique have held talks with Chelsea in regards to becoming their new permanent boss. (Daily Telegraph) Enrique has made three requests to the Chelsea board - trim the squad, give him time to implement his season and back him in the transfer market with improvements in midfield, wide areas and up front. (Fichajes) Nagelsmann and Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi are unlikely to succeed Antonio Conte at Tottenham (talkSPORT) LISTEN NOW