Ange Postecoglou is now officially the latest man to take on the Tottenham job. After Arne Slot seemingly used the club's interest as leverage in contract negotiations with Feyenoord, Tottenham threatened to endure another torturous managerial search as was the case in 2021.  Spurs' search two summers ago was nothing short of a joke, and while some supporters aren't best pleased with the route they've gone down this time around, at least they've got their new boss in before the summer transfer window opens for business.  While a very likeable bloke and potentially the facilitator of a brand of football Spurs supporters desire, there's no denying the risks with appointing Postecoglou given the sheer enormity of the task that awaits the 57-year-old Australian.  Time and patience is necessary among the fanbase with a difficult road ahead, and Postecoglou may seek familiarity in a bid to ease his transition into the Premier League. Here are four Celtic players he could bring with him to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this summer.  feed Ange has been wedded to a 4-3-3 since he joined Yokohama F. Marinos in 2018, and we should expect the Australian to adopt a similar system in north London.However, with Rodrigo Bentancur recovering from an ACL tear, there are currently few midfielders within the Spurs squad capable of excelling as a box-to-box number eight. You might argue that the two best suited to the roles, Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso, are destined to be moved on this summer. There are alternate options, such as Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Pape Matar Sarr, but Postecoglou might try and reunite with converted forward Hatate, who was arguably the most impressive performer in the Scottish top flight during the Australian's two years at Celtic Park.  With Lucas Moura moving on and Bryan Gil's future uncertain, Spurs require depth in wide areas - even more so if Harry Kane departs and Richarlison is tasked with replacing him up top.Thus, a possible familiar option for Postecoglou is Jota, who dazzled during the big man's two years at Celtic. The Benfica academy graduate has notched 41 Scottish Premiership goal contributions in 62 appearances. The 24-year-old is adept off both flanks and perhaps ready for a step up in standard after standing out in Scotland. His playmaking capacity is equally impressive as his goalscoring, and a move to Spurs would allow him to reunite with the boss that got the very best out of him. The club's current options mean Jota wouldn't be expected to claim a starting role right away either.  