Juventus are still trying to persuade Adrien Rabiot to stay at the club despite interest from Manchester United, 90min understands.  Rabiot was one of the standout performers in Serie A during the 2022/23 campaign, bagging a career-high 11 goals in all competitions and becoming a firm fan favourite at the Allianz Stadium after being the opposite in years prior.  The French midfielder's performances were all the more remarkable given they came in the final season of his contract at Juventus, with speculation rife over a potential move elsewhere. Manchester United have long been interested in Rabiot's services and that remains the case, but sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool, Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur are not as keen on a deal as they once were. Old Trafford remains a viable landing spot for Rabiot - particularly if he confirms his intention to leave Turin - but with a lack of substantial offers on the table, 90min understands that Juventus are confident they can tie the 28-year-old down to a new contract. They are even willing to offer a one-year extension if that's what it takes to get a deal agreed. feed Another option is also emerging for Rabiot as interest from Saudi Arabia has been confirmed to 90min. Karim Benzema, Cristiano Ronaldo and N'Golo Kante have all accepted mega money offers to play in the Saudi Pro League, with a number of the country's top clubs now bankrolled by the Public Investment Fund (PIF) - the owners of Newcastle United and investors in Chelsea's Todd-Boehly led Clearlake Capital consortium. Ruben Neves, Kalidou Koulibaly and Hakim Ziyech are expected to follow suit in the coming days, while Rabiot's Juventus team-mate, Paul Pogba, has also been targeted for a move to the Middle East. Rabiot has been at Juventus for approaching four years after joining on a free transfer from Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain. He has also becoming an increasingly prominent player in France's midfield, playing a leading role in helping Didier Deschamps' side reach a second consecutive World Cup final last December.