Manchester United are on course to sign Crystal Palace goalkeeper Jack Butland on an initial loan until the end of the season, 90min understands. 90min reported on Wednesday that talks for Butland were ongoing, with United seeking additional cover for David de Gea following the premature end of Martin Dubravka   s loan from Newcastle. Enquiries were made to Palace about both Butland and Sam Johnstone, the latter a former United academy graduate. But the Eagles responded that only Butland, who was previously a Premier League number one for Stoke and a member of England   s 2018 World Cup squad, is available. Butland is out of contract at Selhurst Park in the summer. He has been a backup to Vicente Guaita throughout his time at Palace and was nursing a fractured finger earlier this season that he has now recovered from. Having been back on the bench twice in December, the 29-year-old was not in the matchday squad for the visit of Tottenham on Wednesday night. 90min understands that a longer-term deal for Butland remains a possibility in the summer, although United accept that another goalkeeping target in Yann Sommer will be heading elsewhere. Listen to the latest episode of The Promised Land as  Scott Saunders  and  Rob Blanchette discuss whether Man Utd are title contenders, transfer links to Borussia Monchengladbach forward Marcus Thuram and the win over Bournemouth. Available on  all audio platforms. If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! The Red Devils had retained interest in Switzerland number one Sommer, but as a free agent in the summer transfer window rather than a January arrival. Bayern Munich have also been in for the 34-year-old in light of Manuel Neuer   s season-ending injury and are expecting to seal a deal. Sommer was only one of a number of possible options, as was Butland. When it gets to summer, United still have goalkeeping decisions to make. Talks with David de Gea over a new contract are ongoing, with his current deal expiring this year.