90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Paris Saint-Germain are considering making a summer bid for Arsenal midfielder Martin Odegaard as he approaches the final two years of his contract. (Daily Mail) The Ligue 1 side look set to be frustrated in their pursuit of Sporting CP midfielder Manuel Ugarte, who would prefer to join Chelsea over PSG. (Record) Chelsea are keen to bring in Ugarte and have a number of other names on their midfield shortlist, including Monaco's Youssouf Fofana, Southampton's Romeo Lavia and Brighton duo Moises Caicedo and Alexis Mac Allister. (Guardian) Mac Allister and his agents are, however, putting the finishing touches on a    70m transfer to Liverpool, with a five-year contract already on the table. (TyC Sports) Also on Liverpool's midfield radar is Wolves' Ruben Neves, who is valued at  £50m. (Football Insider) Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy is not prepared to sell striker Harry Kane to a Premier League rival like Manchester United. (Mirror) manual With Lionel Messi's future uncertain, a number of Premier League clubs have reached out to the 35-year-old over a free transfer this summer. (Ole) But Messi, who wants to return to Barcelona, could end up with Saudi Arabian side Al Hilal after his father agreed the terms of a two-year contract worth a whopping    1.2bn. (Foot Mercato) Bayern Munich are ready to pay  £95m to lure Declan Rice away from West Ham, with Thomas Tuchel determined to beat Arsenal to the England international's signature. (Mirror) The German side also hope that Julian Alvarez will look to leave Manchester City this summer over a lack of game time and push for a move to Bayern, but City boss Pep Guardiola does not want to lose the striker. (Bild) Karim Benzema has received a two-year contract from an unnamed Saudi Arabian side worth a cool  £173m and is considering leaving Real Madrid this summer. (Relevo) Finding a reliable backup striker is high on Real Madrid's wish list this summer, with Espanyol's Joselu quickly emerging as an experienced option. (AS)