After securing both La Liga and Champions League glory during the 2021/22 campaign, Real Madrid will be aiming to cement their grip on European football by strengthening their ranks this summer.  Missing out on Kylian Mbappe was a nightmare start to the transfer window but Los Blancos cannot afford to rest on their laurels with Barcelona set to come back stronger. Here is what their squad could look like when all is said and done this summer...  Thibaut Courtois' display in the 2022 Champions League final proved that he is one of the best goalkeepers on the planet. His position is as safe as his hands.  The future of backup stopper Andriy Lunin is far from certain, though. He has attracted interest from other La Liga sides like Espanyol, but there has also been talk of a new contract for the Ukrainian. One potential replacement would be Gabriel Slonina. The 18-year-old has earned rave reviews for his displays in MLS for Chicago Fire, with Chelsea also monitoring his progress. Antonio Rudiger's addition to the backline is a welcome one and he could push David Alaba over to left-back - a position he has scarcely played in recent seasons. The possibility of a back three with Eder Militao on the right, Alaba in the middle and Rudiger on the left is an intriguing one too.  Ferland Mendy would be the most likely inclusion at left wing-back in this system, and with Marcelo no longer around expect Miguel Gutierrez to play more of a role too.  Over on the opposite side Real look weak. with the decision to let Achraf Hakimi depart appearing increasingly short-sighted. Dani Carvajal had a good Champions League final but struggled in general during the season and is not getting any younger. Lucas Vazquez is not an elite right-sided defender either.  There have been some tenuous links to Reece James, but it seems unlikely that this rumour has any legs.  Luka Modric has signed a new contract and Real will be hoping that their creative fulcrum can squeeze out one last season of world-class performances.  Casemiro remains a superb defensive midfielder but he will be challenged for a first-team spot by the incoming Aurelien Tchouameni. Another long-term campaigner Toni Kroos faces competition for his place too. Federico Valverde impressed in a nominal right forward berth towards the end of the campaign but could be moved back into midfield, while Eduardo Camavinga will also be hungry for more minutes.  Further backup options may be brought in too with Isco definitely leaving and Dani Ceballos looking more than likely to follow suit.   Gareth Bale's departure will free up considerable space on the wage bill and Real could spend it on fixing their right-wing dilemma.  Rafael Leao, who enjoyed a free-scoring campaign for Milan, is one option and Raheem Sterling is another. Sterling has previously revealed he'd be open to playing in Spain and could be ready for a fresh challenge. Whoever joins will fight it out with Rodygo for a starting XI spot. Meanwhile, Karim Benzema and Vinicius Junior will not be moving from the central and left forward positions respectively.