January is one of the most exciting times in the footballing calendar; clubs scramble during a blistering 30-day period of business to plug gaps and get big deals over the line. With the stature, grandeur and draw that Manchester United boast, it's no surprise that some big names have packed their bags and arrived at Old Trafford midway through a season. Some inevitably turned out sub-standard, but others became icons (and some are still striving to become icons) at the club. Below, 90min ranks Manchester United's five best January signings of all time.  Throughout his time at the club, Juan Mata may not have been the sensational spectacle that Manchester United fans could have hoped for upon his arrival from Chelsea halfway through the 2013/14 campaign; he was, however, a consistent performer and, importantly, a steady presence throughout a turbulent period for the club.The Spaniard's eight-and-a-half-year spell with the Red Devils came to an end in 2022, as he joined Galatasaray after netting 51 times and notching 47 assists in 285 appearances for the Old Trafford club, understandably receiving a brilliant reception when waving goodbye. It's rare that January signings adapt seamlessly and become heroes within weeks of their arrival, but Andy Cole managed it after joining United in a famously sudden transfer from Newcastle in 1995, becoming the most expensive British player in history in the process.In his first few games for the club, the iconic striker scored the only goal as his side beat Aston Villa as well as assisting and scoring in a 3-0 win over Manchester City the day after. Soon after, he became the first player to net five in one match as United thumped Ipswich 9-0.Cole would go on to score 12 Premier League goals in 18 appearances in the second half of the 1995/96 season, the first of his 121 in total for the club. Patrice Evra was undoubtedly one of the best left-backs in the world during his career. Athletic, creative, dangerous and strong, the Frenchman held down his position in one of Manchester United's most illustrious sides for the best part of a decade.Following his arrival in January 2006 for around  £5.5m, Evra went on to play 379 times for the Red Devils, enshrining himself into club legend and becoming a firm favourite among the Old Trafford faithful. A winner of five Premier League titles, three League Cups and a Champions League crown, the left-back is quite clearly one of United's greatest January signings.