Liverpool are ready to make an offer for Chelsea centre-back Levi Colwill, 90min understands. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Liverpool are confident they can lure Colwill away from Stamford Bridge, despite Chelsea's insistence that he is not for sale. Colwill, who was one of the stars of England's European Under-21 Championship success this summer, impressed hugely on loan at Brighton & Hove Albion last season. The Seagulls have already failed with a couple of bids to land him on a permanent basis. Chelsea have stated since January, when Brighton first floated the idea of a permanent deal, that they are not looking to sell the defender. However, 90min has been told that Colwill is far from convinced that his long-term future should be at Chelsea despite their insistence that he will get chances to prove himself this coming season. Colwill's current deal is due to expire in 2025 and Chelsea are looking to extend it, but as it stands talks have not advanced. Chelsea have made it clear to their squad that players unwilling to sign new deals will be sold. highlighted by the departures of Mason Mount and Mateo Kovacic this summer. Liverpool have been focussing on overhauling their midfield this summer and with Alexis Mac Allister and Dominik Szoboszlai already signed, they are now also looking at defensive options and a new centre-half is in their sights and Colwill is in their sights. feed They had shown an interest in Wolfsburg's Micky van de Ven - who is in talks with Tottenham - but Colwill has emerged as their top target and they believe he wants to move to Anfield.  Colwill stated earlier this week that he was still considering his options but insisted that he wants to be playing regularly, which is a concern for him at Chelsea. "I'll speak to my family, speak to everyone I need to and make a decision. I've got to play at the end of the day to hopefully get there [England senior team] and go to the next camp," Colwill said. New Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed he is set to talk to Colwill about his plans and said: "I need to get a feel for him. I need to hear what he has in his mind. What he expects. And then, of course, for him to listen to what I expect from him."