Leeds United have submitted a bid for Gent attacking midfielder Jonathan David, according to the Belgian club's chairman. Marcelo Bielsa's side will be playing Premier League football next season after winning the 2019/20 Championship, but are not the only team in England's top flight to be chasing David's signature. According to Belgian publication HLN, Manchester United and Arsenal have both held 'explaratory talks' with Gent executives, but Leeds are understood to be the only English side to have formalised their interest. AA Gent president Ivan De Witte admitting that Leeds United are one of the teams that are interested in Jonathan David. Lille OSC already had a  £23m bid (bonuses included) rejected. Gent want at least    30m. #lufc pic.twitter.com/VyINA19hbo Lille OSC also made a move for the Canadian star recently, but their bid of  £23m, including bonuses, was rejected by Gent, who are said to want at least    30m ( £27.4m). Leeds' bid of  £27m therefore comes close to Gent's asking price and puts the Yorkshire side at the front of the queue for the versatile player. Speaking to De Zondag, Gent chairman Ivan De Witte said: "I have only expressed my annoyance that contacts have been made with Lille behind our back. "There were no contacts last week, but that they have made a transfer impossible because of that is a bridge too far. Lille President G  rard Lopez on Jonathan David:"The player absolutely wants to play for Lille. He does not want to go to the other clubs... We might up our offer in the coming days." https://t.co/uuRxnu1HGc "The contacts were stopped this week, but other clubs are still interested. With much better proposals even. Including Leeds." However, Lille OSC's president has since emerged with a strong statement, claiming the player only wants to join the Ligue 1 side. He adds that the club may submit a revised offer in the coming days. The 20-year-old joined Gent from Ottawa ISC in January 2018 on a free transfer, and has since played in a variety of positions. David's main position has been attacking midfielder, but he has also played as a centre-forward as well as a second striker.