The transfer rumour mill is eternal, people.  While the majority of us are concerned about toilet roll stocks or inventing the next 'Instagram challenge' as #Lockdown2 seemingly approaches, Frank Lampard only has one thing on his mind.  Nope, not Sean Dyche's 4-4-f***ing-2 and the Blues' upcoming trip to Burnley, we're talking about centre-backs. A new one. A young one. A never-heard-of-them one.  Chelsea are said to be tracking the progress of promising Malmo defender Anel Ahmedhodzic as they set about acquiring a 'talented youngster' at the heart of defence in January, before loaning them out in a bid to enhance their development. Very unlike Chelsea, that.  Nevertheless, Ahmedhodzic is a name very few would be aware of unless you're the most die-hard supporter of a particular English club. Thus, let's get to know the 21-year-old defender the Blues are reportedly tracking. Ahmedhodzic came through the ranks at hometown club Malmo before making an audacious switch away in 2016 to Championship outfit Nottingham Forest.However, despite frequently threatening to break into the first team, Ahmedhodzic made just one senior appearance for Forest which arrived via a six-minute cameo against Rafa Benitez's Newcastle in December 2016.He was tipped by several managers to be the next youngster likely to make the step up from the Nigel Doughty Academy, but such a step never arrived. Ahmedhodzic would instead spend much of his Forest career in the Under-23s before returning to Malmo in January 2019. Despite failing to earn a serious opportunity with the Forest first team, there's no doubting that his experience in England has been the making of the 21-year-old. Upon his return to Malmo, Ahmedhodzic said:    I have been educated in English football... it's very physical and hard work."I have grown a few centimetres but gone up about 11 kilos since I came to England.  It shows a little how it is.   There are also more physical duels than in Sweden.  I've learned a lot, even though I've been stuck to playing football along the ground from the backline.    The talented Malmo-born and raised defender Ahmedhodzic was revered as one of Sweden's brightest young talents throughout the majority of his teenage years. He'd represent the country at Under-17 - shining in the 2016 Euros with this age group - 19 and 21 level before earning his first senior cap in January 2020 in a friendly against Moldova.Then came the change of heart...