Graham Potter has confirmed he told Mason Mount he has a future at Chelsea, with the midfielder's future up in the air. Mount is approaching the final 12 months of his contract and talks over an extension have stalled, prompting interest from Liverpool and a number of other Premier League sides. Chelsea have not given up hope of retaining Mount but have accepted that they may be forced to accept a sale in the summer if the 24-year-old academy graduate continues to reject the Blues' offers. Potter was asked about Mount's situation during Friday's press conference ahead of the trip to Leicester, and he took the opportunity to praise the England international's conduct despite the behind-the-scenes concerns. "Ultimately it is between the club and Mason," Potter said. "I have spoken to him numerous times about his situation, football and life generally.  "My feelings for Mason are clear. He is a fantastic person firstly but sometimes these things happen. They are just complicated and it is best that I speak little about it, let them get on with it in deciding what is right for both parties." Asked whether he had told Mount he wants the midfielder to stay, Potter said: "Yes, but I am not naive. I know it is an important time for him and an important contract. These things have to be right for him and his family. It   s important he makes a decision on that basis. READ NEXT manual "He   s the same as everybody else; he wants to play. At the moment, he is suffering with a slight injury so he probably needs little bit more time until he is available properly. He is happy around the place and wants to help the team. That is normal with Mason, no change in that. He wants to help and the team to win. He wants to be injury free and play football." Alongside Liverpool, Mount's situation is understood to be of interest to Manchester City, Manchester United and Newcastle United, but it is Jurgen Klopp's Anfield outfit who are best prepared to pursue the midfielder in the summer. Liverpool are ready to kick off a midfield rebuild at the end of the season and see Mount as a cost-effective signing who could compliment the arrival of their primary target, Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham. LISTEN NOW