Exclusive - Adama Traore is the subject of fresh interest from Leeds United, with his future at Wolverhampton Wanderers uncertain ahead of the January transfer window. Traore, who impressed in the Premier League last season, is yet to put pen to paper on a new contract at Molineux - despite a deal being close at one stage - and is struggling for form so far this term. He has failed to register a goal or assist in 15 total appearances in all competitions. 90min revealed in November that Wolves were becoming increasingly annoyed when Traore hadn   t put pen to paper on an extension. The club believed that a deal had been all but agreed and that only minor details were left to iron out, but as it stands talks have completely stalled. Traore is eager to play first-team football as there is still a strong chance he could be included in Spain   s squad for the delayed European Championships next summer, having been called up for both the October and November international break in recent months. 90min has learned that Traore is now considering leaving Wolves to make sure he is getting regular action, and becoming a key player at Leeds could be an ideal solution for him. Leeds could soon have another  £50m pumped into the club as the NFL   s San Francisco 49ers seek closer ties, and are prepared to increase their existing 10% stake to 25%. The owners of the 49ers, having entered into a collaborative partnership with Leeds in 2018 for their initial stake, have been eyeing a controlling stake since the summer when 90min revealed before anybody else that there was interest in buying out current owner Andrea Radrizzani. Leeds are not the only club interested in Traore - he is being tracked by a host of teams - but Elland Road coach Marcelo Bielsa is a particular admirer of the 24-year-old, as is Leeds director of football Victor Orta. Traore has a strong gratitude for Orta, who was formerly in a similar role at Middlesbrough, and credits the executive for resurrecting his career by making the move to the Riverside Stadium in 2016 a possibility following a disappointing spell at Aston Villa. The former Barcelona youngster made the step up to Wolves in 2018 following promotion for around  £18m. But if Wolves are to sell in January, they could demand that Leeds or other suitors pay more than double, pushing any prospective transfer towards the  £40m mark.