Real Madrid have held talks with the representatives of Chelsea forward Kai Havertz over a possible summer transfer, 90min understands. The Spanish side are looking to bolster their forward line this summer after confirming the departures of Karim Benzema, Marco Asensio, Eden Hazard and Mariano Diaz, and Havertz is seen as an affordable, high-level option. Tottenham striker Harry Kane has been earmarked as the preferred replacement for Benzema, with Real officials instead seeing Havertz as the versatile forward who could fill Hazard's spot in the squad. Havertz will enter the final two years of his contract this summer and Chelsea, who are reluctant to see any player arrive at such a point in their deal, have made it clear that he does still have a future at the club. However, 90min understands that Chelsea officials are well aware of the need to sell players to raise money this summer and Havertz, who is among the club's highest earners, could well be sold if he indicates a desire to leave the club. feed New Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino, while being open to working with Havertz, is prepared to sanction the 23-year-old's departure if the right deal arises, and there are plenty of interested sides across Europe. As revealed in March, Bayern Munich are keen to land Havertz, but Real Madrid have also held conversations with the German's representatives in the past week and are understood to hold a significant interest in luring him to the Santiago Bernabeu. 90min understands that Paris Saint-Germain have also been alerted to the possibility of a summer exit for Havertz, whose chances of leaving Chelsea are growing with the mounting interest in his services. Havertz has made 139 appearances for Chelsea since joining in the summer of 2020, lining up largely as the team's central striker, but the Blues are looking for reinforcements in that position this summer and have identified Napoli's Victor Osimhen as their dream signing. Attacking midfielder Christopher Nkunku has already agreed to join from RB Leipzig this summer, which will give Chelsea another option in attack.