90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Bayern Munich are expected to receive bids from Manchester City, Manchester United and Liverpool for midfielder Joshua Kimmich, who has been valued at    70m by the German side. (Fichajes) Al Hilal are ready to offer Paris Saint-Germain    200m to sign Kylian Mbappe for just one season on a contract which would include a release clause to allow him to join Real Madrid next summer. (Tancredi Palmeri) Tottenham owner Joe Lewis has warned Daniel Levy he must sell Harry Kane this summer if he does not sign a new contract - a stance which has reignited interest from Manchester United. (Mirror) Bayern Munich are willing to offer Kane at least a four-year contract if he decides to head to Germany. (Bild) Barcelona will soon finalise the extension of left-back Alejandro Balde's contract to put an end to interest from Manchester City. (Mundo Deportivo) Monaco centre-back Axel Disasi is at the heart of a three-way transfer battle, with Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United all looking to sign the France international. (Sun) Fabinho's move to Al Ittihad could be determined by whether he can take his two French bulldogs to Saudi Arabia - the breed is banned in the country and considered to be dangerous. (Express) Borussia Dortmund are closing in on the signing of Bayern Munich midfielder Marcel Sabitzer, who Manchester United opted not to sign permanently this summer. (Sky Germany) manual Chelsea have lost patience with striker Romelu Lukaku, who continues to rebuff interest from Saudi Arabia in favour of waiting for another European club to move for his signature. (Gazzetta dello Sport) One Chelsea player who could be heading to Saudi Arabia is Hakim Ziyech, with talks back on over a transfer after initial negotiations broke down late on. (TeamTalk) Atletico Madrid have reached out to PSG about a deal for Marco Verratti but fear Liverpool will win the race for the Italy international and so have lined up Tottenham midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg as an alternative target. (Marca) Ousmane Dembele has rejected the chance to leave Barcelona for Saudi Arabia this summer and wants to extend his contract at Camp Nou. (Foot Mercato) West Ham are negotiating a deal with AC Milan over former Liverpool striker Divock Origi. The Belgian has been left out of the club's pre-season tour and could be available for    10m. (Gazzetta) Wolves are expected to sell Daniel Podence this summer, with the 27-year-old left behind from the club's training camp in Portugal. (Mail)