90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Manchester United have offered    150m to sign Real Madrid midfielder Eduardo Camavinga, with Los Blancos open to selling for such a high price. (El Nacional) Bayern Munich midfielder Leon Goretzka is also being watched by Man Utd, with Declan Rice's potential move to Germany at risk of forcing Goretzka out of the club. (Sky Germany) Also on Man Utd's midfield radar is impending free agent Adrien Rabiot, who will leave Juventus this summer. Paris Saint-Germain are attempting to re-sign the Frenchman but United are currently leading the race. (Gazzetta dello Sport) Real Madrid are ready to test Tottenham's resolve over striker Harry Kane with a bid worth    80m ( £69m), but Spurs have set their asking price at    120m ( £103m). (Sport) Chelsea striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been approached by Saudi Arabian clubs Al Ahli and Al Shabab over a possible summer move. The Gabon international will '100%' leave Chelsea. (Fabrizio Romano) Liverpool are prepared to pay    35m to sign Barcelona midfielder Franck Kessie. (Sport) manual A bid of    12m from RB Leipzig for Fabio Carvalho has been rejected by Liverpool, who want a loan deal instead. A sale with a buy-back clause is also an option. (Sky Germany) Contact has been made between Real Madrid and Bayern Munich over a possible summer deal for left-back Alphonso Davies. (Marca) Borussia Dortmund could end up re-signing Manchester City midfielder Ilkay Gundogan this summer as Barcelona do not have the money to pay the German's wages. (Bild) To try and convince him to join, Barcelona have offered Gundogan a three-year deal on reduced wages, while Arsenal have lodged a two-year contract offer and an unnamed Saudi club are also expected to join the running. (Sport) Tottenham are ready to offload no fewer than nine players this summer. Hugo Lloris, Ivan Perisic, Davinson Sanchez, Ryan Sessegnon, Ben Davies, Eric Dier, Giovani Lo Celso, Sergio Reguilon and Harry Winks are all facing uncertain futures. (Telegraph)