Manchester United continued their recent run of impressive form by beating Charlton in the quarter finals of the Carabao Cup on Tuesday night. A horrendous start to the season has been cast aside for the Red Devils to sit fourth in the Premier League just before the halfway point of the campaign. They're still alive in the FA Cup and Europa League, though January signings may be required to ensure results keep getting churned out at this impressive rate. Here we'll keep you up to date on all things United throughout Wednesday. On this edition of TPL,  Scott Saunders  &  Rob Blanchette  discuss how to solve Man Utd's issue at centre-forward & Ten Hag's striker plans. The guys talk Wout Weghorst, the fact Jo £o Felix is no longer on the market, Victor Osimhen, Harry Kane, Benjamin Sesko & more! If you can   t see this embed, click  here  to listen to the podcast! United's sensational form over the past few months has elevated expectations from the previously despondent state of affairs at Old Trafford. The Premier League title may prove to be a step too far this year, but the Red Devils are alive and kicking in the FA Cup and Carabao Cup and face a mouthwatering playoff tie with Barcelona in the Europa League. Marcus Rashford is creating quite the CV with his goalscoring exploits at Old Trafford. The England international netted twice from the bench, equalling a record previously set in 2010 by Wayne Rooney in the process. United have a chance to test their newfound form and pedigree when they face neighbours Manchester City. The Citizens are the current national champions but face competition this season from Arsenal. Guardiola is not looking beyond the derby, however, and says he has a few ideas that could take formation before the weekend. "I have a few ideas, thoughts - ridiculous ones against United - but still I didn   t watch their last games," he said said. Erik ten Hag said he sees a future for Facundo Pellistri at Man Utd following his cameo on Tuesday. The 21-year-old played at the World Cup for Uruguay, having spent last season on loan in Spain with Alaves, and grabbed an assist six minutes into his first club appearance of the campaign, setting up Rashford's first. Ten Hag said: "I see a future in him. He is doing really well and we have to see what is the best [for him]." Harry Maguire claimed playing against League One opposition is difficult following the Charlton win. Maguire has had fitness and form issues throughout the season but still went to the World Cup as a first choice centre back for England. At club level, however, Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane have been the preferred pairing. The defender played all game against Athletic, picking up a yellow card. He said: "We know that they knocked out Brighton in the last round. I've played in League One myself, there's some tough opponents there, they have some good players." United have been eyeing up a new striker this month and The Guardian say a move for Wout Weghorst is nearing completion. Turkish side Besiktas have agreed to cancel his loan from Burnley, though they are eager to get Al Nassr's Vincent Aboubakar through the door as a replacement first. 90min previously revealed United were confident of completing a deal for Weghorst. Erik ten Hag insisted he is not interested in anything other than winning after the Charlton victory. "[Reaching] the last four is nothing. It's only about winning. But you have to go from game to game, from leg to leg. We'll see who's coming out of the draw and we will prepare well. Now we go to another league, the Premier League, so we leave this game behind and move forward."