Ajax winger Antony has emerged as a transfer target for a host of leading Premier League clubs, 90min understands, with the player keen on a move to England. The beguiling Brazilian has emerged as key player for his club over the past 18 months and has featured regularly at international level since his first call-up in October last year. Antony joined Ajax from Sao Paulo in 2020 in a deal worth around  £18m and has gone on to have a significant impact for the Dutch giants, including 39 goal involvements in 71 appearances to date. A left-footed winger, Antony likes to operate off the right and cut in to devastating effect. As well as in the Eredivisie, he has also caught the eye in this season's Champions League - scoring twice and providing four assists in just five matches as the Godenzonen secured a 100% record in the group stage. Liverpool have been watching the Brazil international since his time at Sao Paulo, 90min understands, maintaining their interest as the club   s scouts have been hugely impressed by the way he has settled in Europe and his subsequent progress. Possessing two of world   s finest wide forwards in the shape of Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah has not stopped the Reds from assessing other options. Their current stars both turn 30 this year and both have just 18 months left on their contracts, and the Anfield hierarchy have begun thinking about the future. That is evidenced by the capture of Luis Diaz from Porto in January - a winger who is usually deployed on the opposite flank to Antony. Liverpool moved for Diaz slightly earlier than expected because of Tottenham's pursuit of the Colombian, and the same thing could happen with Antony, who is garnering even more attention than his fellow South American. 90min has been told that Chelsea are keen on the player too, while Manchester United's interest is set to intensify due to the question marks over Mason Greenwood   s future following his recent arrest. Antony is also a player Manchester City have a long-standing admiration for, and given they are yet to decide on the long-term futures of Raheem Sterling and Gabriel Jesus he could soon become a target. Clubs throughout Italy and Spain are also keen, but it is believed that player   s representatives have indicated Antony   s desire is to play in the Premier League. Speaking in December, Ajax boss Erik ten Hag admitted it would be hard to keep Antony beyond this season.