Christian Eriksen has admitted that it's 'weird' to have instantly been propelled into the history of Brentford despite not even playing a game for his new side yet. The Denmark international completed a sensational return to football by signing for the Bees on an initial six-month deal on the last day of the January transfer window. With this being Brentford's maiden season in the Premier League and their first in the top-flight at all since the 1940s, Eriksen became a cult icon at the community club overnight due to his glittering career and heartfelt story. Eriksen, who revealed in his first Brentford interview that he wants to remembered for his football rather than his cardiac arrest, said that the reaction to signing on in west London has 'pleased' him. When asked by 90min how it feels to already be a huge figure in Brentford's history, Eriksen replied: "Weird! Obviously I didn't think [about it] before I signed for Brentford, there was just one thing on my mind and it [the move] was the perfect mix for me as a footballer and family man. "And then afterwards, I see how the club reacts, the people around, the fans, the media. I think of course it helps and makes it bigger. "But I'm pleased. I'm happy Brentford gave me the chance to be able to sit here today and to be speaking about a game hopefully soon." Eriksen joins a team with only one player who had featured regularly in a top five league prior to Brentford's promotion - Yoane Wissa in Ligue 1 - and one who had played in the Champions League - Kristoffer Ajer at Celtic. The midfielder arrives in west London as a Serie A winner with Inter and with bags of top-level experience at Tottenham and Ajax, and told 90min he is relishing the challenge of being the best player on a team lower down the table. "Yeah, definitely. I think I want to come in and first of all help the club and my teammates stay in the Premier League. I think that's a big aim for the club, after the first year in the Premier League to show you're capable of staying there," Eriksen added.