Declan Rice has insisted that he is happy at West Ham, amid interest from Manchester United and Manchester City.  Rice has enjoyed a terrific few months, securing a sixth-place finish with West Ham last season and also helping England reach the Euro 2020 final.  His fine performances have attracted plenty of interest with 90min reporting that Chelsea and Liverpool are keen on signing the midfielder back in April.  More recently, the Manchester clubs are leading the race with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer going as far as to insist that the United board do whatever it takes to sign Rice. City are also keen with West Ham determined to hold firm with their  £100m valuation.  Despite this interest Rice has not let the speculation affect him, making a strong start to the season.  Speaking before his side's Europa League clash with Rapid Wien, Rice revealed that he was loving his football at the moment. "Everyone knows how I feel about West Ham and how I feel about playing under the manager and what it's like playing with the group of players I'm playing with," he said, as quoted by Sky Sports. ? Nikola Vlasic with great words about #WHUFC skipper Declan Rice:   About Declan, he   s West Ham captain and he   s only 22 and he   s in the starting XI in the national team, so I think you don   t need to say too much about him. Everybody knows his quality and how good he is." ? pic.twitter.com/AngExwOeJf "I feel you can see in my performances nothing's up, nothing's concerning me. I'm playing with a smile on my face, I'm going out there, I'm leading the team. "I think you could see a difference if I wasn't going out there and giving 100 per cent but every time I'm putting on the shirt - I've got the armband on at the moment - my only objective is to go out there and give everything for the club and get three points. "With tomorrow night on the horizon, the only thought on my mind is to go out there and put on a performance for the fans and get the win." West Ham have made a terrific start to the campaign, losing just once in the Premier League, dumping Manchester United out of the Carabao Cup and also getting off to a winning start in the Europa League.  Rice went on to reveal his confidence that West Ham can keep the good times rolling too.  "I think we can achieve good things. Last season we finished two points off the Champions League and easily could have got into that. The other night, in the League Cup, we knocked out Manchester United.