Jesse Lingard has given a hint that he could be on the move in January, insisting that he wants to play '30-plus games' a season. The 28-year-old England international enjoyed an incredible career revival on loan at West Ham in the second half of last season, scoring nine times in 16 appearances, even winning Player and Goal of the Month during his time in London. While he has returned to United for the 2021/22 season, fierce competition for places (including the arrivals of Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo) has restricted him to just 45 minutes of Premier League action so far. There is talk that Lingard could be on the move in January, with a return to West Ham touted, as well as a possible switch to new-moneyed Newcastle. I sat down with @TPTFootball and told my story since the start of the year. Read it here ?? https://t.co/YzVpFwKLUi pic.twitter.com/vpEjEdhoOh In a wide-ranging piece for The Players' Tribune covering his highs and lows of the last 18 months, Lingard wrote about how he is desperate to shake off past setbacks and finally start delivering on a weekly basis. "What you saw at West Ham was the player I can be when everything is coming together. Let   s say it was an upgraded version of the old Jesse Lingard. Jesse 2.0," he wrote. "When I came back to United, I felt like a different person. I   m more mature, more confident. I   m taking more responsibility. To be fair, I   ve got to credit Moyes and the West Ham lads for that. Cheers for everything, boys." Bar five loan spells, Lingard has been at Manchester United his entire career. However, there is growing speculation that he will move permanently in the next transfer window, with his own words making clear that game time is the most important thing to him now as he looks to capitalise on his regained confidence. He wrote: "I   ve been so excited about this season. It might sound like a funny thing to say when you   ve been at a club all your life, but I have really wanted to show people what I can do, you know what I mean?   "I don   t want to be the player who does well for just a few weeks or months. I want to show how many goals and assists I can get over 30-plus games.   "Same goes for England. I   m so honoured to be back in the squad again after the journey I   ve been on. To bag those two goals against Andorra during the last break ... honestly, I was just buzzing!   "But I want more. No more quarantine. No more injuries or interruptions. Let   s see what Jesse 2.0 has got in his locker."   Back in September, 90min reported that Lingard would give himself until January to earn himself a regular place in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's lineup, before deciding whether or not to leave. Despite scoring twice in just two sub appearances in the Premier League already - as well as assisting Ronaldo's Champions League winner against Villarreal - Lingard's outings have been limited in 2021/22.