Manchester United have admitted defeat in their short-lived pursuit of Marko Arnautovic and are now pursuing other targets. Watford winger Ismaila Sarr and PSV Eindhoven forward Cody Gakpo are on their shortlist, while they have also been offered the chance to sign Alvaro Morata from Atletico Madrid. Across town, Manchester City have denied reports that they have reached an agreement with Barcelona for the sale of Bernardo Silva. The Premier League champions are adamant that the midfielder won't be sold this summer. In an attempt to create room to register their new signings and bring in further reinforcements, Bar  a are looking to offload some of their fringe players. Memphis Depay has been offered to Juventus, while Chelsea have been credited with an interest recently. Arsenal have held talks with AC Milan regarding Sandro Tonali as the Gunners' search for midfield reinforcements continues. However, it could take over    50m to sign the Italy international. Mikel Arteta is also looking to add Villarreal winger Yeremy Pino to his squad before the end of the window. Any deal could fund the Yellow Submarine's moves for Tottenham midfield duo Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso. Chelsea's confidence of signing Wesley Fofana from Leicester is continuing to grow, despite rival interest from PSG. The Blues are also hopeful of bringing in Frenkie de Jong ahead of Manchester United and Bayern Munich. West Ham have made an offer for PSG defender Thilo Kehrer, while they are also considering a move for Bayern Munich youngster Tanguy Nianzou. David Moyes is on the hunt for more defenders to ease the Irons' injury woes, with Issa Diop on the verge of joining Fulham too. Manchester City are closing in on the signing of Anderlecht left-back Sergio Gomez, and are tempted to keep him in their squad for this season instead of loaning him out. Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Sean Walsh  bring you Talking Transfers, discussing Man Utd's transfer market implosion in targeting deals for Adrien Rabiot & Marko Arnautovic, Man City's stance on selling Bernardo Silva to Barcelona, Wilfried Zaha's future and more. Available on  all audio platforms  and the  90min YouTube channel. If you can't see the podcast embed, click  here  to download the episode in full! Newcastle are considering moves for Marseille forward Bamba Dieng and Lyon midfielder Lucas Paqueta, while Benfica striker Goncalo Ramos is also being monitored. Tottenham are set to announce the signing of Destiny Udogie after beating Brighton to his signature. The 19-year-old will then be loaned back to Udinese for the 2022/23 season.