Harry Kane will enter new contract talks with Tottenham Hotspur after Antonio Conte successfully guided the club into next season's Champions League. Arsenal have had an offer worth around  £34m rejected by Sassuolo for striker Gianluca Scamacca, who scored 16 goals in 38 games during 2021/22. Barcelona will have to pay in excess of  £60m if they want to land Leeds United winger Raphinha this summer. Liverpool forward Sadio Mane has said he will do what the people want after a poll suggested over 60% of people in Senegal want him to leave Anfield. Bayern Munich have been strongly linked with a move and he has already said he does not want to negotiate a new contract on Merseyside. Everton hope Frank Lampard can use his connections at Chelsea to land midfield duo Conor Gallagher and Billy Gilmour on loan next season. Bayern Munich fear Robert Lewandowski will tear up the final year of his contract if he's not allowed to pursue a move to Barcelona. The agent of Chicago Fire goalkeeper Gabriel Slonina has urged the club to allow the USMNT star to join Real Madrid. Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is willing to listen to any offers for centre-back duo Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is also available for transfer but Diogo Dalot will most likely stay at Old Trafford. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week they discuss whether Sadio Mane will leave Liverpool for Bayern Munich, Manchester United's pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, Newcastle's plans for Moussa Diaby and Sven Botman & Jorginho's future at Chelsea. Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku is williing to take a wage cut to force through a move to former club Inter. Bayern Munich and Barcelona are also monitoring the Belgian's situation. Ajax are preparing to make a move for Tottenham winger Steven Bergwijn. The Dutch giants are willing to offer the former PSV Eindhoven star a contract until 2027, but may have fork out over  £20m for his services. AC Milan are on the verge of announcing Divock Origi's arrival as a free agent. The Belgian is heading to Italy after spending eight years at Liverpool. Monaco are interested in signing Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Yves Bissouma as a replacement for Real Madrid bound Aurelien Tchouameni. The 25-year-old Malian has also been of interest to Aston Villa.