The Premier League has firmly cemented itself as the financial powerhouse of both European and world football - at least until the Saudi Pro League started throwing ridiculous wages around. The spending power of the biggest clubs in England's top flight is almost unrivalled in Europe with even mid-to-lower table sides now on a par with many top teams in Italy, Germany and Spain. For that reason, the general trend of spending figures in Premier League transfer windows is only going up, even if it's not quite as simple as the final figure being higher year on year. Here are the six highest-spending Premier League transfer windows ever. That such a recent year is down in sixth place is due to the real effects of the Covid-19 pandemic that began to be felt by football clubs. Less so at Premier League level, of course, but it still existed.Major moves in this summer transfer window included Romelu Lukaku's return to Chelsea from Inter for  £103.5m, Jack Grealish's switch from Aston Villa to Manchester City for  £100m and Jadon Sancho's  £76.5m arrival at Manchester United from Borussia Dortmund. A big summer for a number of teams, Liverpool spent big to bring in Alisson for  £66.8m and Naby Keita for  £48m, as well as Fabinho for  £39m. Man City splashed out on Riyad Mahrez for  £60m from Leicester, while Chelsea paid  £71.6m for Kepa Arrizabalaga.Fred arrived at Man Utd for  £47m and there were also plenty of mid-level deals done by some of the smaller sides in the league, such as Richarlison's  £25m move to Everton. You may expect this transfer window to have been more depressed due to the Covid-19 pandemic but there was little knowledge at this stage about just how disrupted life was going to be over the next couple of years.For that reason, Premier League spending was around the sort of level that had become the norm in the few years prior. Chelsea spent  £222.5m in this window on players like Kai Havertz, Timo Werner and Ben Chilwell. Man City signed Ruben Dias for  £61m, while Liverpool forked out  £40m on Diogo Jota. This was a record-breaking year at the time and really made a lot of people sit up and realise just how much the Premier League was now able to spend.Mohamed Salah arrived at Liverpool, though only for a modest fee of  £34m, while Man Utd spent  £146m on Romelu Lukaku, Nemanja Matic and Victor Lindelof. Man City parted with  £211m on various players that included Ederson, Danilo, Kyle Walker and Bernardo Silva.