After succumbing to a 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Brentford on the second weekend of the season, very few would have foreshadowed Manchester United's eventual success in 2022/23. While the campaign ended on a bitter note as they fell to defeat in the FA Cup final to treble-chasers and crosstown rivals Manchester City, Erik ten Hag had already secured the club a piece of silverware and a swift return to the Champions League in his first season at the helm. However, the great Man Utd aspire to be much more than merely in their noisy neighbours' shadow. This term was undoubtedly an excellent starting point, but the Red Devils have a long way to go until they're competing with Pep Guardiola's Cityzens for the highest honours. A big summer beckons at Old Trafford with Ten Hag stressing the need for a busy window before his side's defeat at Wembley. Here's an overview of the key positions United need to strengthen and the players they've been linked with heading into the summer transfer window. You might argue that United need to strengthen across the board if they're to make a big leap in 2023/24. However, in terms of key positions of need, the two that standout are goalkeeper and striker.  Sure, David de Gea may have ended the season with the Premier League's Golden Glove, but nobody would have said he was the best goalkeeper in the division. Errors continue to undermine his game and his sub-par work in possession means he's certainly vulnerable to losing his place next season to a shot-stopper more competent with the ball at his feet. De Gea's contract expires this summer, but the Spaniard is likely to pen a new deal. At the other end of the pitch, United essentially operated without an outright number nine for much of the season. With Anthony Martial often injured and Wout Weghorst proving an ineffectual addition, the goalscoring burden fell on the shoulders of Marcus Rashford, who performs better when darting in off the left. The Red Devils have a long list of striker targets this summer, and it's imperative that they snag one of their favoured options.  In terms of other priorities, it looks as if Man Utd will target a defender with the likes of Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka departing, while another midfielder, one capable of performing multiple functions, could be added to the club's arsenal with Marcel Sabitzer unlikely to continue at Old Trafford.  feed United typically play a leading role in the transfer market, and rumour mills love to link the club with a whole host of players from across the continent.  90min, meanwhile, understand the Red Devils have already agreed personal terms with Mason Mount over a summer move and they could look to team him up with longtime pal and England teammate Declan Rice, who has drawn interest from the Premier League's leading clubs as well as Bayern Munich. Porto shot-stopper Diogo Costa is currently the leading target to potentially usurp De Gea between the sticks. In terms of their striker pursuit, 90min understands Harry Kane, Randal Kolo Muani, Victor Osimhen, Rasmus Hojlund, and Dusan Vlahovic are all on United's radar. The club want to add two strikers to their ranks this summer - one young and the other established - but Karim Benzema's Real Madrid exit could compromise their pursuit of Kane. Vlahovic has told Juventus he wants to leave the club, while Atalanta want upwards of  £50m for Hojlund's services.  Benjamin Pavard has told Bayern Munich of his desire to leave this summer, with 90min recently reporting that Man Utd have opened talks with the player's representatives. The Frenchman would prove to be a cheaper alternative to the club's alternate targets, such as Ajax's Jurrien Timber and Napoli's Kim Min-jae.  Player Position Team Potential fee Diogo Costa GK Porto  £65m David Raya GK Brentford  £40m Emiliano Martinez GK Aston Villa  £30m Player Position Team Potential fee Jurrien Timber RB/CB Ajax  £45m Jules Kounde RB/CB Barcelona  £70m Benjamin Pavard  RB/CB Bayern Munich  £25m Kim Min-jae CB Napoli  £55m Player Position Team Potential fee Mason Mount AM/CM Chelsea  £50m Sofyan Amrabat DM Fiorentina  £20m Declan Rice DM/CM West Ham  £110m Adrien Rabiot CM Juventus Free Mohammed Kudus AM Ajax  £45m Player Position Team Potential fee Harry Kane ST Tottenham  £100m Victor Osimhen ST Napoli  £95m Dusan Vlahovic ST Juventus  £70m Rasmus Hojlund ST Atalanta  £52m Randal Kolo-Muani ST Eintracht Frankfurt  £85m Neymar LW/AM Paris Saint-Germain  £60m