Fulham have confirmed the loan signing of Ademola Lookman from RB Leipzig for the 2020/21 season.  Lookman failed to impress in 2019/20 after completing a permanent move to Leipzig for around  £22.5m last summer. The 22-year-old made just 13 appearances in total and failed to register a single goal or assist.  The Englishman failed to appear in any of the Bundesliga outfit's first three games of this season as well, and was left out of the squad altogether for the clash with Bayer Leverkusen last time out. L?k, a signing video!#TheMan pic.twitter.com/VseH0OlYjE With the winger failing to break into Leipzig's team, a move away this summer looked increasingly likely. Indeed, this has proven to be the case, with Fulham taking to their official website to confirm the capture of the former Everton man on loan for the 2020/21 season.  Lookman alluded to the role boss Scott Parker played in convincing him to make the switch to London, telling FFCtv:    I   m glad to have it over the line and done now. I'm glad I can be here to help the team.    After the conversations I had with Scott Parker, I got a great feeling, that's the working relationship I want to have. He   s young and hungry and I   m young and hungry as well so it   s a good match.    ?    After the conversations I had with Scott Parker, I got a great feeling, that's the working relationship I want to have. He   s young and hungry and I   m young and hungry as well so it   s a good match.    - @Alookman_ ?#TheMan pic.twitter.com/MzMxrAbG8x Vice-chairman Tony Khan further added:    Ademola, in his young career, has gained experience in the Premier League and Bundesliga and contributed in England   s 2017 Under-20 World Cup win, and we believe that he   s a very good addition to our squad!" Capable of playing on either flank as well as through the middle, Lookman will bring versatility and creativity in the attacking third. Lookman becomes the Cottagers' eighth signing of the summer, joining the likes of Alphonse Areola and Mario Lemina in making the switch. 