Manchester  City, Manchester United and Real Madrid have all expressed an interest in Bayern Munich right-back Benjamin Pavard, sources have confirmed to 90min. Pavard has been considered one of Europe   s most talented full-back   s for a number of seasons, but his long-term future at Bayern is uncertain and he does have options away from Bavaria. City, United and Real are all looking at bolstering their options at right back in the coming months and Pavard has emerged as a very attractive option. Sources have told 90min that all three clubs are well aware of the state of play with Pavard, and have asked to be kept informed about his situation. Pavard has just over a year left on his current deal and Bayern are keen to open talks over an extension. But the Frenchman and his  representatives have told the Bundesliga giants that they will wait until the summer before deciding what to do next, which is something the player confirmed publicly this week. "There are currently no talks with the club, we're focused on our season goals,    Pavard said.  "I'm just trying to play my best football and win trophies. We'll see this summer.    Bayern recently dismissed Julian Nagelsmann as manager, which shocked Pavard and many of his teammates, but new boss Thomas Tuchel has wasted  little time in confirming his admiration for the 27-year-old. "I don't want to get involved in negotiations. He's an underrated player,    Tuchel said. "He can adapt at an extremely high level, defends with big discipline. He's a top team player. He immediately got my trust and justified it. That should be a clear statement.    feed City   s interest in Pavard is fascinating given they have one of their own  full-back options at Bayern - Portugal international Joao Cancelo. He departed the Etihad in January on a loan deal with an option to buy this summer, but it remains to be seen whether that clause will be activated or not. Tuchel is a fan of Cancelo's though, and has already spoken favourably of his ability to play on both sides of defence. "I love Joao, I've had to play against him many times," the German remarked. "He has the absolute highest quality, left foot, right foot, passing. He's a different type of player than Benji Pavard. He can also play on the left in the back four." City are obviously already in contact with Bayern about Cancelo, but United and Real can't be ruled out of the Pavard equation as they step up their own efforts to sign a new right-back. Erik ten Hag has overseen somewhat of a resurgence at United, despite some indifferent results away from home, and is looking to move on from Aaron Wan-Bissaka this summer. The Red Devils have been considering options for the last six months, with Ajax   s Jurrien Timber, Bayer Leverkusen   s Jeremie Frimpong and Inter   s Denzel Dumfries among those to have been considered, but Pavard is very much on the club's radar. Likewise, Real are also in contention for Pavard - should he decide to leave the Allianz this summer - as they look to upgrade on Spanish veteran Dani Carvajal.