Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has warned young goalkeeper Dean Henderson that he still has some work to do before he is ready to replace David de Gea as United's number one. De Gea's future has been thrust into question by many after his latest error - allowing Steven Bergwijn's shot to go through him during Friday's 1-1 draw with Tottenham Hotspur, leading many fans to call for Henderson to be promoted next season. ? - "David de Gea will be extremely disappointed, he's got to save that!"Bergwijn fires Spurs ahead but Manchester United will not be happy with that!? Watch on Sky Sports PL? Follow #TOTMUN here: https://t.co/K8jeKNmsgk? Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/KEZRqbBeOt With Henderson pushing for the promise of a starting role ahead of any contract renewal, a report from The Telegraph suggested that United were ready to give De Gea the next eight games to bounce back and prove that he deserves to retain his spot in the team. However, speaking in a press conference (via the Manchester Evening News), Solskjaer insisted that he has all the faith in the world in De Gea and he has no plans to drop him. "David is the best goalkeeper in the world, he   s conceded two goals in the last seven he   s played for us, there are City, Chelsea, Tottenham, Everton, two goals in seven games, we   ve gone on a run and the two goals," he said.    The Everton one is a freak one, this one he can   t save it, he makes great saves, wins games for us and he   s still the best goalkeeper the world. David is working really hard, he isn   t making errors you see time and time again. He   s working hard in training, I   m pleased with his work.  The boss also took the opportunity to warn Henderson that starring for Sheffield United and starring for United are two completely different things, although he reaffirmed his long-term faith in the Englishman.    It   s a different job to be playing for Sheffield United and for Manchester United," he added. "There are different, how do you say, he   s got different roles and for me the two years he   s had have been fantastic for his development, played with and against men, played in the Championship and plays now behind a team that play exciting football.     And the stats show he   s proved worthy of a few points with his saves. He   s learning all the time, he   s passionate keeper, he   s developing, he   s had good coaching there - and for me, one day he   ll be England No.1 and United No.1 and he needs to keep developing.    90min understands that the intention is to tie him down to a lucrative new contract which would pay him like a starting goalkeeper, but it seems as though his chances of starting at Old Trafford next season are as slim as they come.