Roma manager, Paulo Fonseca, has expressed his open desire to bring Chris Smalling back to the club from Manchester United. A surprising move at the end of the previous summer transfer window saw the central defender swap the Premier League for Serie A on a season-long loan deal.  I   m gutted that I can   t finish what we started this season. To experience the love shown to me in such a short time was extra special and it will not be forgotten. I want to thank and wish all the players and staff the best of luck against Sevilla. DAJE ROMA! ?       ? @officialasroma A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Aug 4, 2020 at 1:01am PDT Smalling excelled during his time in Italy, affectionately earning the name 'Smalldini' for his commanding displays in the heart of defence. Yet, talks over a return in some capacity have rumbled on for months but without a successful conclusion. A development that will work in all parties' favour, however, has been Fonseca's comments, with him making no bones about a willingness to take the Englishman back to Stadio Olimpico. "I need Chris Smalling. It's so important for me to bring him back, we've only three centre-backs so I want Smalling here," he told Sky Italia, via Fabrizio Romano. Fonseca has also spoken of the player's wishes recently, revealing he is in regular contact with Smalling and that the player wants to return:    I am in regular contact with Chris Smalling, I spoke to him yesterday. He wants to come back to Roma and we want to have him back. I think that there could be an update over the next few days.    Fonseca, AS Roma manager to @SkySport: "I need Chris Smalling. It's so important for me to bring him back, we've only 3 centre-backs so I want Smalling here". ?? #MUFC #Roma Given the slow nature of negotiations during the window, Inter were also linked with bringing Smalling back to Italy as Antonio Conte continues to revamp his retirement home. The deal in question would be a swap move that sees Ivan Perisic head the other way.