Juventus sporting director, Cristiano Giuntol admits Dusan Vlahovic may need to be sold to balance the club's books, with the Serbian courting interest from Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain. The 23-year-old has been tipped to leave Turin this summer following a disappointing 2022/23 campaign under manager Massimiliano Allegri in which he scored just 10 Serie A goals - a huge drop off from the 21 and 24 he bagged in the campaigns prior. Sources confirmed to 90min in June that the striker had requested to leave Juventus, and that Allegri has given his blessing for the club to move him on. Speaking in his first press conference since being appointed, Giuntoli has hinted that the club are indeed willing to part ways with Vlahovic, saying:    We have taken information from many clubs, but we are relying on Chiesa, Vlahovic, Chiesa and Milik. However, this doesn   t mean Vlahovic and Chiesa will surely stay in Turin beyond the summer.     It   s not a secret that we must balance the books.    Of course, if there are irrefutable offers, we must think about it. Technically, we strongly rely on him [Vlahovic]. feed    Of course, if there are irrefutable offers, we must think about it. Technically, we strongly rely on him [Vlahovic]. 90min understands that Vlahovic's representatives are confident that an offer will be forthcoming from either Bayern, Chelsea or PSG, all of whom are looking to strengthen their firepower ahead of the new season. All three clubs are maintaining contact with Vlahovic's representatives, though he is not the only transfer target on the club's radars. Bayern have also been weighing up moves for Harry Kane - two bids have already been rejected by Tottenham and a meeting held with Daniel Levy over a potential sale - and Randal Kolo Muani, while PSG have also taken a keen interest in Kane amid uncertainty over Kylian Mbappe's future. Chelsea are also in dire need of a new centre forward having moved Kai Havertz on to London rivals Arsenal this summer. Romelu Lukaku is also expected to bring his Stamford Bridge career to a permanent end, leaving Nicolas Jackson, a  £35m arrival from Villarreal, and Armando Broja as their only natural options - Christopher Nkunku can play there but may play in the wide areas after joining from RB Leipzig.