Willian's agent, Kia Joorabchian has confirmed that his client has offers on the table from two Premier League clubs, as well as three more from across the globe. A contract stand-off between the Brazilian and Chelsea has rumbled on for the majority of the season, with the Blues unwilling - as of yet - to match the three-year deal demanded by the forward to remain at Stamford Bridge.  Que noti  cia triste...um cara do bem, alto astral, um grande profissional. Descanse em paz meu amigo @rr_tv! Meus sentimentos a toda a fami  lia e amigos.? ?#RIP #luto A post shared by  Willian Borges Da Silva (@willianborges88) on Jul 28, 2020 at 10:12am PDT Chelsea's next fixture against Arsenal in the FA Cup final could prove to be Willian's final as his deal edges closer to expiring, prompting a host of clubs to express genuine interest in securing the soon-to-be free agent's signature. Joorabchian elaborated on the interest to talkSPORT, confirming that the 31 year old is wanted in England, across Europe and in the MLS:    I don   t think he   s done a U-turn or any kind of turn [in regards to staying at Chelsea]. He   s always been very much the same mode.    We had two very big offers     one from MLS which required him to move on July 1     but he   s always been in the same mode, saying,    I want to finish the season at Chelsea and the day after the season has finished I will make my decision   .    He has two concrete offers from Premier League clubs on the table, he has an MLS offer on the table which is very big, and he   s got two other offers in Europe. So Willian is in a very good position and he is going to make his decision after the last game of the season.    While not confirmed, the other interested Premier League party aside from Chelsea is widely thought to be the Gunners. Mikel Arteta has limited funding to part with this summer, and given the strong ties of Joorabchian with the Arsenal board, talks are thought to have been ongoing for some time. Another client of his, Philippe Coutinho, could also be on the move this summer. Joorabchian confirmed that there are clubs looking to sign the forward, but insisted any decision will likely be made by the player after Bayern Munich's European season concludes.    Because the Champions League is going to run all the way until August 23, I think it will be difficult for players like Coutinho to make any commitment or move until that date," he added. "There is much genuine interest in Philippe because he is a great player and a big success. There is always interest.  Training day    ?    A post shared by  Philippe Coutinho (@phil.coutinho) on Jul 28, 2020 at 6:36am PDT