Levi Colwill will hold talks with new Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino when he returns from England Under-21 duty as he seeks clarity on his future, 90min understands. The 20-year-old enjoyed an excellent loan spell with Brighton last season and has been the subject of enquiries from both Liverpool and Manchester City this summer, while the Seagulls are keen to bring Colwill back on a permanent basis. Chelsea, however, are adamant that Colwill will not be sold this summer. Sources have confirmed to 90min that Blues officials see the defender as an integral part of the squad and they are not prepared to even entertain the idea of losing Colwill. Liverpool returned with another enquiry about his availability in recent weeks but were swiftly knocked back. The 20-year-old remains under contract until 2025, with an additional 12-month extension clause to be triggered after a certain number of senior appearances, and so Chelsea are incredibly relaxed about the situation. Club officials are prepared to open talks over a new deal but Colwill wants certain assurances before making a decision. For Colwill, the biggest priority is regular minutes next season. The centre-back will speak to Pochettino upon his return to Cobham in search of guarantees over his role, and he is expected to be assured of his status as a key player. feed Colwill was invited to train with the senior England squad last month and admitted he will only get the chance to stay there permanently with regular minutes at club level. "Going up and training with [England] is one thing, but I've got to keep up my performances next season. I need to play. I need to do well," Colwill confessed. "There are so many things that come into you going back there. I don't think it's a case of, 'I'm close now, I might go up on the next camp'. I've got to keep playing, and playing well. That will be a big thing for me next season." Chelsea, like the vast majority of fans, hold Colwill in very high regard but the defender himself believes the best is yet to come. "I'm getting loads of praise but I'm still making mistakes that not everyone sees because I'm getting so much praise," he explained. "I know I can be much better and have so much more to come."