Mino Raiola and Erling Haaland's father are expected to continue their European tour on Friday, as they head to London to discuss the striker's future with a number of top English clubs.  Haaland's future has been the talk of the town this week, but the situation became a parody of itself on Thursday when a circus of reports, stemming from Spanish outlet SPORT, claimed agent Raiola and Alf Inge Haaland had arrived in Spain for talks with Barcelona and Real Madrid.  #FCB ?? #ExclusivaSPORT ? ?   El bombazo del mes y estamos a d  a 1! ? Mino Raiola y el padre de Haaland, en Barcelona pic.twitter.com/mUmb7MX4wc These were basically confirmed when Fabrizio Romano entered the fray with a series of tweets explaining the situation. The Haaland party met with Barcelona president Joan Laporta early on Thursday morning before flying to Madrid for talks with Real.  While Thursday's developments lent weight to the suggestions La Liga could be the Norwegian's next destination, though, a report from Mundo Deportivo claims the Premier League's best and brightest are being given the same courtesy.  They say the two are expected in London on Friday to meet with representatives from four Premier League clubs - Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United.  Of those four, City would appear to be clear favourites. 90min has reported on their interest since February, and with Sergio Aguero's exit now confirmed, they will be on the lookout for a new No.9 in the summer transfer window.  Mino Raiola is meeting with Real Madrid after Barcelona and the plan for #Haaland is so clear: talk with 5 top clubs interested, their projects, proposals and then decide for the future. It   ll be a long race.BVB position: won   t accept less than    150m to sell him this summer. https://t.co/U6D8TyobWS And there are none more enticing than Haaland who has emerged as one of the best strikers on the planet since arriving at Dortmund from RB Salzburg. He's averaged roughly a goal per game in the Bundesliga...a freakish return from a player who doesn't even turn 21 for another few months.  