90min  rounds up the latest  transfer news, rumours and gossip circulating around the world... Real Madrid are ready to pounce on PSG's uncertain plans moving forward by making an offer for Kylian Mbappe, who is out of contract in 2024. They are also expected to wrap up the signing of Jude Bellingham. (Daily Telegraph) Chelsea are gearing up for the departure of Mateo Kovacic this summer. Former boss Thomas Tuchel wants a reunion at Bayern Munich, while Manchester City and Manchester United are also interested. (Guardian) After winning Serie A, Napoli have raised the asking price of star striker Victor Osimhen to    160m. Bayern Munich, Chelsea, PSG and Manchester United have all been heavily linked with the Nigerian over the last few months. (Il Matino) Another striker of interest to Manchester United is Inter star Lautaro Martinez, with Inter in need of balancing the books this summer. (Football Insider) READ MORE FROM THE 90MIN TALKING TRANSFERS TEAM feed Arsenal will soon make an announcement that Bukayo Saka has signed a new contract running until 2028. He has been linked with Liverpool and Manchester City in recent years. (Fabrizio Romano) Also staying at Arsenal is goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale, who to will pen a new long-term deal at the Emirates Stadium. (ESPN) As part of their midfield rebuild, Liverpool have indicated a willingness to trigger the    60m release clause of Sporting and Uruguay star Manuel Ugarte. (Record) Real Sociedad midfielder Martin Zubimendi has shut down talk that he will join Barcelona as a long-term successor to the departing Sergio Busquets this summer. (Mundo Deportivo) Tottenham captain Hugo Lloris is mulling over an offer from the Saudi Pro League which could see him treble his current wages. The Frenchman's contract is up in 2024 and Spurs are actively looking for a new goalkeeper. (The Times) Manchester City are confident of signing Ethan Nwaneri from Arsenal. The forward became the youngest player in Premier League history earlier this season. (Football Insider) LISTEN NOW