Highly rated West Ham teenager Benicio Baker-Boatiey is 'set to join' German giants Bayern Munich, with the Bundesliga champions beating out interest from Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United.  The 16-year-old is reported to be heading to Munich this week for talks with Bayern and could become the latest in a successful line of young British prospects to hone their craft in Germany.  Bayern Munich close in on West Ham prodigy Baker-Boaitey | @dwright75https://t.co/uJWVs2EwHx According to the Sun, West Ham would earn just  £230,000 in training compensation for the England youth star who plays for his country at Under-16 level.  Winger Baker-Boatiey - who can also play as a central attacking midfielder - has rejected the chance to sign a professional contract with the Irons in January when he turns 17, all but confirming that he will depart the club this summer for a compensation fee.  As well as interest from Bayern, the likes of Manchester United, PSG and Liverpool were all said to be monitoring his progress earlier this year and with the market beginning to move again after the global pandemic. However, according to the Sun, a move to the German champions now looks the most favoured.  ? Benicio Baker-Boaitey ?#GetToKnow the West Ham starlet a little better in our new series...?#Colossal pic.twitter.com/e8Y1zOgbrl It is said that Baker-Boaitey and his advisers will spend this week assessing what each interested club can offer to help his development into a top player, before returning to the UK to make a final decision over his future. German clubs already know big profits are to be made from young British stars, where they can offer regular game time at a high standard. Everton's Jonjoe Kenny and former Manchester City winger Rabbi Matondo have had success at Schalke this season, Ademola Lookman and Ethan Ampadu have spent time with RB Leipzig, while Birmingham's 17-year-old Jude Bellingham will likely switch to Borussia Dortmund later this month.  Dortmund is also the home of another Man City graduate and England star Jadon Sancho who, having been sold to Die Borussen for just  £7m in 2017, is now a target for rivals United this summer, for more than fifteen times that. 