Manchester United Women have announced the signing of emerging Spain international full-back Ona Batlle as the club aims to improve on an impressive fourth place finish in their debut Women   s Super League season in 2019/20. Batlle, who was first capped by Spain at senior level last year, arrives in Manchester from former club Levante on a two-year contract that can be extended to 2023.  Another new recruit     bienvenida a #MUWomen, @Ona.Batlle! ? Check out the link in our bio for more info. A post shared by  Manchester United Women (@manutdwomen) on Jul 13, 2020 at 5:00am PDT A Catalunya native, the 21-year-old defender also spent time at Barcelona in her youth.    It   s an honour and a pleasure to sign for Manchester United,    Batlle told the club   s official website.    To work with Casey [Stoney] and be a part of this team is a fantastic opportunity. To have the chance to come over to play in England and really push myself as a player is very exciting. I can   t wait to meet my new team-mates and help to contribute to as much success as I can.     ? "It's an honour and a pleasure to sign for Manchester United. I can   t wait to meet my new team-mates and help to contribute to as much success as I can."     @Ona.Batlle ? #MUWomen A post shared by  Manchester United Women (@manutdwomen) on Jul 13, 2020 at 5:15am PDT United manager Stoney commented,    Ona is an exciting young full-back with fantastic pace and a real attacking mindset, her style of play fits perfectly with the philosophy we have at the club.    She is a hard worker and broke into the senior Spain side last year which shows the talent she possesses and I know she will have a great impact for us. It   s fantastic to have Ona join the club and we   re looking forward to working with her.    Batlle is already the second senior signing of the summer for United following last week   s capture of experienced WSL star and England international midfielder Lucy Staniforth.  ? @LucyStan37: "I wanted to come here to win trophies and make history with this club, and I'm just excited to get started." ?? #MUWomen A post shared by  Manchester United Women (@manutdwomen) on Jul 9, 2020 at 4:15am PDT