Social media was stunned on Tuesday night by claims that Cristiano Ronaldo has decided he wants to join Manchester City from Juventus. Almost simultaneously, it was revealed that Real Madrid have entered talks with Paris Saint-Germain to try to strike a deal for Kylian Mbappe. With less than a week of the transfer window remaining, the world was not expecting two seismic stories on the same evening. Ronaldo, who won three Premier League titles and the Champions League with Manchester United in the formative years of his historic career, is out of contract at Juventus at the end of the season and his future has become increasingly uncertain. But despite Ronaldo   s apparent desire to join City, 90min understands that the club is not interested as things stand. Their belief is that they can still land Tottenham star Harry Kane. As for Mbappe, meanwhile, Real have informed PSG of their willingness to pay up to    160m this summer, which has triggered transfer talks between the two clubs. That marks a significant step forwards because PSG rebuffed Real's previous advance. There is no deal yet but they are now happy to start listening after a number has been put on the table. A lot of reaction has been pure disbelief that it has even come to this. If Ronaldo goes to City, we   re 100% living in a simulation. The way we   re going, don   t be surprised if Pep has have a full head of hair up to his shoulders in 3 months time. If Ronaldo signs for City I will give out one free win in the first FIFA 22 Weekend League Although not necessarily on the cards, plenty of City fans expressed excitement about the idea of Ronaldo returning to England to join their club. Time to re-visit some friends, @Cristiano. ? pic.twitter.com/RNKFVucY1r Sign Ronaldo. Park his ass in the box and feed him the ball. Guaranteed goals for a year. Ronaldo to Manchester City!!!Somebody should tell Rahim Sterlin to remove the number 7 jersey before the Goat lands? If City fail to sign Kane in the next few days, we should 100% without a shadow of a doubt, sign Cristiano Ronaldo. He has the Messi effect of PR. He takes the club to a different level overnight. As well as that, he   s still a WC player and would score bags of goals. No brainer. Plenty of people are already imagining a savage Manchester derby day. Cristiano Ronaldo when he scores a hat-trick against Man Utd to secure Man City the treble pic.twitter.com/bPqnBbon04 "Why would Ronaldo go to City when he used to play for United ?" pic.twitter.com/OZzLpelAdg But not all City fans appear to be convinced that Ronaldo is actually worth it. ? | The boards of Man City and Juventus have come to a verbal agreement for Cristiano Ronaldo. They have both agreed that the player is finished (sadly). Juventus have offered    25m for Man City to take Ronaldo. They are playing ping pong with the player, neither club wants him. pic.twitter.com/1IKenl2mRc And there is some debate among fans as to whether Ronaldo or Kane would be the better option. City fans be honest, which option do you prefer? A Manchester United legend, Ronaldo once said he could never be swayed by City. Cristiano Ronaldo explaining why he wouldn   t move to Man City pic.twitter.com/UqajKrczuX United fans are adamant he would never turn his back on that legacy. People need to calm down. Ronaldo is never gonna join Man City. His father-son relationship with Sir Alex is too strong for that to ever happenpic.twitter.com/j92EMp2z3x All jokes aside, what if Ronaldo   s agents are faking the City interest (given he   s the opposite of a Pep signing) to force United into offering him something    pic.twitter.com/pukPugVNaO Real have been wanting this to happen for absolutely ages. Florentino Perez dropping the    180m offer for Kylian Mbappe pic.twitter.com/HBRFxp0wpa Fans are also loving it. My dad: Who sold the house?Me at the Bernabeu watching Mbappe linkup with Benz: pic.twitter.com/kFoKgNd9V4 This is not 2015-2018 Real Madrid, but Mbappe has long dreamed of wearing that white kit. They   re calling Mbapp   egotistical for wanting to join his childhood club. He will earn less by playing for us, he will not play with Messi or Neymar, just to play for a club he always dreamed of. How is that egotistical. But so comes the realisation of what this would mean for PSG's 'dream team'. When you realise you may never actually get to watch Messi, Neymar and Mbappe play in the same team ? pic.twitter.com/SehwYJX4h4 PSG fans are lashing out to make losing Mbappe easier to cope with. Unpopular opinion: Lucas Moura had a better legacy at PSG than Mbappe. pic.twitter.com/dBYG5Bt6YJ Sorry, Barcelona.