Manchester United have confirmed that contract negotiations are ongoing with David de Gea after announcing the release of seven players. The 32-year-old has completed his 12th season at Old Trafford, which saw him scoop the Premier League's Golden Glove award for the most clean sheets. But the Spaniard's displays haven't all been singing and dancing, with concerns raised over De Gea's ability to distribute the ball the way Erik ten Hag would like. He has also made various blunders when attempting to stop shots despite pulling off a glut of sensational saves. 90min has reported at length that despite those concerns, United and Ten Hag are keen to tie down De Gea to a new contract at Old Trafford. But there will need to be a significant reduction in his  £350,000-a-week wages and that's something the former Atletico Madrid stopper has agreed in principle. Nevertheless, United have been unable to confirm De Gea's retention when confirming which players will be staying at Old Trafford and which will be leaving, and instead revealed that talks are ongoing over a new deal. Phil Jones, Axel Tuanzebe, Ethan Galbraith, Di'Shon Bernard, Eric Hanbury, Charlie Wellens and Manni Norkett are the seven players departing, but contract extensions have been triggered for goalkeeping duo Tom Heaton and Nathan Bishop. feed United's desire for De Gea to stay has not affected their plans to bring a new goalkeeper to the club. Porto's Diogo Costa and Brentford's David Raya are two players they are keeping a close eye on, while sources have confirmed to 90min that the club are monitoring the situation of Inter's Andre Onana - he has been a long-term target for Chelsea and could cost around  £40m. Ten Hag's other priority is to sign a new striker capable of becoming the club's regular number nine. Anthony Martial has proven to be unreliable injury wise and Wout Weghorst's loan spell at the club was only ever seen as a short-term measure.  Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen and Dusan Vlahovic are three of the more high-profile players on United's shortlist, with interest in lesser-known stars Benjamin Sesko and Rasmus Hojlund also ongoing.