It'll the end of an era in Bavaria this summer when Jerome Boateng departs Bayern Munich at the expiry of his contract. The German international has made over 350 appearances for the Bundesliga giants and is on the verge of winning a ninth consecutive title with Bayern Munich, having also won two Champions League crowns. After a decade at the Allianz Arena, the question on everybody's lips is where next for Boateng? Here, 90min runs you through his possible options, ranked by suitability. Carlo Ancelotti: "Jerome Boateng is a fantastic central defender, but only eleven players can play. I will rotate the centre-backs." pic.twitter.com/meqaWbZhnV Everton boss Carlo Ancelotti has already used his high-profile connections to bring James Rodriguez to Goodison Park, so why not the repeat trick with Boateng?The two linked up together at Bayern Munich, winning two Bundesliga titles and DFB Pokal crowns. With the Toffees keen to break into Europe, Boateng's winning experience could be a huge boost on bigger and brighter stages.Unfortunately, Boateng's wages are pretty astronomical - and having invested heavily in the likes of Ben Godfrey, Yerry Mina and Michael Keane, a move is probably a bit of a non-starter.Suitability - 3/10 Experience is something that Jose Mourinho values more than most managers, making Boateng a potentially great signing for Spurs.Boateng has experience in the Premier League after spending one season at Manchester City a decade ago, but he has improved leaps and bounds since then.He would bring leadership to the team, while also bringing a winning mentality, Again though, wages - as well as his age and Mourinho's future being up in the air - make it tough to see a deal materialising.Suitability - 4/10 If there is one major league in Europe that older defenders tend to do better,  it's Serie A.Antonio Conte's Inter look set to win Serie A for the first time since 2009/10 and are doing so with a solid defensive record. But as they look to bolster ahead of the new season, Boateng becomes an interesting option.With his ability on the ball and aerially, plus the experience that he would bring, he'd undoubtedly make Inter stronger. They don't particularly need him, but Conte has a weird obsession with signing too many defenders. Not one to rule out.Suitability - 5/10 Arsenal have tried to implement a playing out from the back style, and Boateng has earned a reputation in Germany for being one of the best in the business at doing that.Mikel Arteta is unlikely to be able to offer Boateng Champions League football, but Arsenal are a big club still and he is good enough to compete for a starting role. That alone could tempt him, but options at the Emirates would need to be shown the door.Suitability - 6/10 No club in Europe does free transfers quite like Juventus and this could be another deal to explore.With legendary defender Giorgio Chiellini unlikely to extend his contract beyond this summer, Juve will need to replace their skipper and what better way than with another World Cup winner?Boateng fits the bill of being experienced, strong, good on the ball, as well as a leader. The 32-year-old could be ideal.Suitability - 7/10 With Boateng thought to be on stratospheric wages, it's unlikely he'll want a significant drop off in income unless he really, really has to.Enter, Paris Saint-Germain.The Ligue 1 champions are always looking to add to their squad and with Marquinhos and Presnel Kimpembe the only real centre-back options at Mauricio Pochettino's disposal, Boateng ticks a lot of boxes.He can rotate in and out of the side, and PSG would save money on a transfer fee by bringing him in. Win-win for all.Suitability - 8/10