Andreas Christensen has admitted he doesn't know where he'll be playing his football next season, but insisted he 'feels valued' and is 'happy' at Chelsea despite being unable to reach an agreement over a new contract. Christensen's current deal expires in the summer and as it stands he would be able to negotiate a free transfer when the window opens in January. Talks are at an impasse because the centre-back and his representatives were not satisfied with Chelsea's most recent offer from August, which would see the 25-year-old remain as one of the lowest earners in the starting lineup on around  £140,000 per week. That is despite the Denmark international emerging as a key figure since Thomas Tuchel replaced Frank Lampard in the Stamford Bridge dugout in January, playing a crucial role in the Blues' run to winning the Champions League in May. The defender has also enjoyed a fine year with his country, reaching the semi-finals of Euro 2020 and helping Denmark secure qualification for the 2022 World Cup with two games to spare and a 100% record. Christensen has a remarkable 44 clean sheets in his last 55 competitive appearances for club and country, and following his resurgence under Tuchel he would have no shortage of suitors. The centre-back is currently away on international duty and was asked about his contract situation by Danish outlet BT. "I feel valued, I'm happy," he said. When asked when there will be some clarity over his future, he added: "Hopefully soon." However, the defender also admitted he doesn't know where he might be playing next season when pressed for an answer. "No.  But I'm still happy and I enjoy football, so there is not so much," he responded.  "I'm happy. I do not feel that there is any pressure or anything. I just enjoy it.    I do not know why everyone thinks it is a bad situation. I   m still happy and I enjoy playing football.    Yes [Chelsea want to secure my future], but on the other hand, they also have a player who right now enjoys playing football and the coach shows him confidence. There is no bad relationship, there is nothing.    Tuchel spoke last month about how important Christensen is to his side, and he will be desperate for the club's hierarchy to improve their offer to the central defender in the near future.