Liverpool are confident they have won the race for Darwin Nunez, having reached an agreement with the player over personal terms.  However, Manchester United have not given up hope of hijacking the move with agent Jorge Mendes set to hold talks with the club soon.  Liverpool hope that part of the funding for the Nunez transfer will come from Bayern Munich meeting their  £40m valuation of Sadio Mane.  Barcelona are considering moving for Manchester City's Bernardo Silva, but the finances of a deal will only work if the Catalan giants can offload Frenkie de Jong this summer. Silva's agent has also raised the prospect of the Blaugrana signing Rafael Leao from Milan.  Raheem Sterling could be on the move this summer. Europe's top clubs are on high alert and Chelsea are among those weighing up a bid. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is attracting interest and Manchester United could be ready to make a surprise swoop.  The race to sign Lille defender Sven Botman has taken another turn, with PSG registering their interest. Milan had seemed favourites to secure his signature but Newcastle remain in contention too, while Tottenham, Manchester United and Chelsea have enquired recently as well. Manchester City and Real Madrid are monitoring Reece James' situation closely. The right-back is yet to be offered improved terms at Stamford Bridge.  Newcastle have been dealt a blow in their pursuit of Moussa Diaby with Bayer Leverkusen publicly stating they have no intention of selling the winger during the transfer window. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast,  Talking Transfers, with  Scott Saunders,  Graeme Bailey  &  Toby Cudworth. This week  Harry Symeou  steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. West Ham have expressed an interest in Everton's Michael Keane after the Toffees beat them to the signing of James Tarkowski from Burnley on a free transfer.  Chelsea and Tottenham are tracking Brighton full-back Marc Cucurella. The left-back enjoyed a promising first season in the Premier League in 2021/22.  Manchester City are longer-term admirers of Cucurella and could offer young midfielder James McAtee to the Seagulls on loan to smooth along negotiations.  Andreas Pereira is subject to interest from Fenerbahce, but Manchester United plan to give the Belgian-born Brazilian a chance to impress under new manager Erik ten Hag. 