Manchester United midfielder Donny van de Beek was linked with late exits from Old Trafford on transfer deadline day to Everton and Roma, but he stayed put. Following a disappointing debut campaign at United, Van de Beek has been an unused substitute for all three of the club   s games so far in the new Premier League season. The Dutchman, who at one stage United were considering offering to Borussia Dortmund as part of the Jadon Sancho deal before it became a straight cash arrangement, has been thought to be keen to prove himself in Manchester this season after getting so few chances in 2020/21. He was even following a special training programme over the summer to help build his fitness and physical strength, having struggled to adapt to the relentless pace of English football last season. Van de Beek   s quality has never been in doubt     he was nominated for the Ballon d   Or in 2019 thanks to his exploits in the Champions League with Ajax     so it might be considered only natural for other clubs to have at least enquire about his availability. One report from Dutch outlet AD explained that Everton made a late attempt to take Van de Beek on loan and, despite earlier being determined to fight for his place, wasn   t against accepting it. That appears to be a change in stance from the player as earlier this month, before he was snubbed for a third consecutive game against Wolves last time out, the belief from reports was that he had previously instructed his representatives to rebuff approaches. Speaking to Voetbal International on Tuesday evening, Van de Beek   s agent, Guido Albers, said that it was United who refused to engage or cooperate when it came to trying to sort a transfer.    There was a lot of interest from Italy, Germany, England, so that looked good. But you need co-operation of the club, and it looked like they would, but ultimately they didn't," Albers explained. However, on the plus side, the club blocking Van de Beek   s chance to leave is being taken by his camp as an indication that pre-existing promises about playing time will now come to fruition.    Disappointed, but also assuring for him, so that he will get his chance, and will get his minutes, but this will become clear in due time. He's been promised that before, but we came to a clear agreement about this with the club, so we have all faith that it will happen now,    Albers continued.