Real Madrid have finally agreed a fee with Monaco over France midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni. The deal to take the 22-year-old to the Santiago Bernabeu could rise to    116m if certain conditions are met. Tottenham are in talks with Marcus Rashford over a possible move to north London. The forward fell out of favour at Manchester United in the second half of the 2021/22 season and has lost his place in Gareth Southgate's England squad. Manchester City have distanced themselves from reports claiming they could move for Bukayo Saka this summer. However, the Arsenal star remains a long-term target for the Cityzens, while he is also on the radar of Liverpool and Real Madrid. New Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has informed manager Thomas Tuchel that he will have full control over transfers. The Blues hierarchy believe this approach mirrors Manchester City and Liverpool's strategy that has seen them dominate English football in recent years. Arsenal are confident that they will win the race to sign Youri Tielemans from Leicester, while they will make an official approach for Sassuolo striker Gianluca Scammaca in the coming days. Alessandro Bastoni has told Inter officials that he wants to join Tottenham to reunite with Antonio Conte. Manchester United have belatedly entered the race for the defender. Spurs are also in talks with Villarreal over Pau Torres and are expected to use Giovani Lo Celso as a makeweight in negotiations after his successful loan spell with the Yellow Submarine. Harry Winks is another midfielder expected to leave Tottenham this summer, with Everton emerging as a potential destination for the England international. Leeds could announce the signing of Rasmus Kristensen from Red Bull Salzburg as soon as Wednesday after beating Brentford to a deal. Brentford are also facing more competition for the long-term future of Christian Eriksen. West Ham sent scouts to watch him and Joakim Maehle in Denmark's Nations League win against Austria. Listen now to 90min's brand new podcast, Talking Transfers, with Scott Saunders, Graeme Bailey& Toby Cudworth. This week Harry Symeou steps in for Scott and the trio discuss the futures of Bukayo Saka, Rafael Leao, Romelu Lukaku, Kalvin Phillips, Youri Tielemans, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Raphinha, Gabriel Jesus and more. Angel Di Maria has informed interested clubs that he only intends to sign a one-year deal with his next team. Barcelona have joined Juventus in the race for his signature. Chelsea have informed Atletico Madrid that they will not be activating the    35m purchase clause in loanee Saul Niguez's contract. The midfielder will now return to Spain having made 23 appearances for the Blues.