Juventus are still desperate to re-sign Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba and could look to offload a handful of players to free up space for him this summer. Pogba blossomed into a star after joining Juventus on a free transfer in 2012, winning the Serie A title in each of his four seasons at the club before returning to United in a  £89m deal in 2016. Pretty much ever since, Juventus have been linked with a move to bring Pogba back to the club, and the speculation has ramped up in the last few years amid rumours that the Frenchman is unhappy at Old Trafford - a message agent Mino Raiola did his best to convey earlier this season. In the last few months, however, Pogba's situation has turned around and he's back to being a regular starter in a United team that look capable of challenging for the title in the near future, but that improvement hasn't stopped the rumour mill from churning out stories about a move away. First, we had Fabrizio Romano, who claimed on his Here We Go Podcast that re-signing Pogba is still Juve's 'dream', but he suggested that offloading high-earner Cristiano Ronaldo might be the only way to make such a deal feasible. "The big dream for Juventus is Paul Pogba, it   s always been Paul Pogba," Romano said. "Many times we say they wanted him and they were planning to sign him last summer. So Paul Pogba is the dream for Juventus and let's see what happens with Manchester United. "But if they sell Ronaldo, this would be key to signing Paul Pogba. If they don   t then this won   t be easy." Romano believes that selling Ronaldo might be key, but Calciomercato claim that Juventus are actually aiming a little smaller and hope to make space for Pogba by selling both Adrien Rabiot and Aaron Ramsey. Interestingly, when discussing potential names for Ramsey, the Italian outlet mention both Crystal Palace and West Ham, but there's no mention of Liverpool, whom they 'exclusively revealed' to be keen on the Welshman just a few days earlier. Probably tells you all you need to know about that rumour. There seems to be a lot of cogs in this machine that aren't actually linked. For starters, the situation with Ronaldo is its own financial mess, but it's one Juventus have made clear they're happy with. Are Manchester United playing a risky game with Pogba's contract? Juventus probably do want to offload Ramsey, whose injury struggles have plagued his time in Italy, while Rabiot hasn't exactly set the world on fire either, so sell them is a good way to cut costs and bring their budget back under control.