Real Madrid very rarely find themselves in a transfer window desperately needing to make signings. Generally, squad planning is good and deals are wrapped up very swiftly. One area that needed some attention was midfield, but Jude Bellingham arrived from Borussia Dortmund very early in the window to tick that box.  They have also secured a deal for Turkish youngster Arda Guler who can provide cover in the attack and the midfield if he is not loaned out.  There remain areas that need addressing for Los Blancos as the summer wears on and they will need to start moving fairly swiftly. The good news is a lot of time in the window remains and few clubs can match Real's pulling power. This is the major transfer Real Madrid need to make. They have lost Karim Benzema who has led the line for many years and the current strikers in the squad won't do the job all year long. They signed Joselu who has to be viewed as a depth option, but right now he is the only proper striker around.  The two major central forwards on the market this summer are Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen. Kane seems much closer to Bayern Munich and Manchester United remain an option, while no club is closing in on Osimhem yet and the Serie A champions may be unable to fend Real off if a bid near    150m comes in. It's a bit of a surprise Real haven't been more heavily linked with either striker, but something has to change in the coming weeks. Lille's Jonathan David has also been mentioned but, while very highly rated, it's hard to picture Real starting a new season without an elite striker. A loan for Dusan Vlahovic is an option as a stop-gap before Kylian Mbappe's possible arrival next summer. This is not an area Real need massive new signings in, but they do need bodies. Vinicius Junior and Rodrygo are the current first choice wingers but depth is lacking after that. Brahim Diaz is back but more of a central figure, while Federico Valverde and Lucas Vazquez have fill in when necessary. The idea of a move suddenly being made for Mbappe can't be fully ruled out, while Bernardo Silva is open to leaving Manchester City though is being pursued by Paris Saint-Germain. Villarreal's Samuel Chukwueze is another winger that could make sense, but AC Milan are pushing hard to sign the Nigerian who has one year left on his contract. feed The major name that has been mentioned at left back is Alphonso Davies.  This was a problem position for Carlo Ancelotti last season with Ferland Mendy out of action with a long-term injury. He will be back on the scene next season, but more depth and quality would be ideal. Fran Garcia is now back at the club and can play there, but the opportunity to secure a player like Davies would hardly be a bad idea for Real. There has to be a future without Dani Carvajal and that future is arriving quickly. Alvaro Odriozola is expected to leave this summer and while there are players who can provide depth at right back in the squad, fresh quality could be required. There are quite a lot of available right backs out there for a club like Real Madrid, with Kyle Walker a genuine possibility. Reece James may also be open to a move away from Chelsea this summer and the idea of bringing Achraf Hakimi back from PSG is also not being ruled out.