Raphael Varane will not rush in making a decision over his future, taking a holiday after France's Euro 2020 exit and having a discussion with new Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti before deciding his next move. Varane is Manchester United's number one centre-back target this summer (we've heard that before), although no agreement has been reached between player and club as the Frenchman takes his time considering his options. The 28-year old revealed earlier in the season that he intended to leave Real Madrid in search of a new challenge and, while the likes of Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain have been linked, it is United that have been reported to be the World Cup-winner's preferred destination. It was widely reported earlier on Thursday that a deal was actually close to completion. However, according L'Equipe (per Get French Football News), Varane is now taking his time over the next step in his career and will actually meet with new Real boss Ancelotti to discuss his future. He has one year remaining on his Real Madrid contract and, should he decide to stay, he could become a club legend in the place of Sergio Ramos. The 28-year joined the club ten years ago from Lens and has since won every trophy available to him. His honours include three La Liga crowns, four Champions League titles and four Club World Cup triumphs in a Los Blancos career during which he has made 360 appearances. However, it's reported that Varane may be questioning his future due in part to the potential lack of competitiveness in Real's next era. With the loss of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Ramos, and the likes of Marcelo and Luka Modric in the twilight years of their careers, Los Blancos are heading into a new, uncertain time. In any case, it was the haul of silverware that led the defender to think about moving on to a new project in the first place. He has been in this position before, notably considering his future a couple of years ago before the re-appointment of Zinedine Zidane persuaded him to remain at the Santiago Bernabeu.