Summer 2022 is set to be a period of profound change at Paris Saint-Germain this summer after the club once again failed to end their Champions League hoodoo.  This time PSG capitulated at the last-16 stage to eventual winners Real Madrid and Mauricio Pochettino seems to have paid with his job. Regardless of who replaces the Argentine in the dugout, the Ligue 1 giants look set to dip into the transfer market again to prove to Kylian Mbappe that he made the right decision by remaining at the club.  PSG have accumulated plenty of goalkeepers in recent seasons but their contingent is set to get considerably lighter over the summer.  Gianluigi Donnarumma is the number-one choice and the only stopper certain to remain at the club.  Keylor Navas will likely continue as his backup, though he could push for a move to guarantee first-team football.  Last season's third choice Alexandre Letellier is leaving alongside Marcin Bulka, while Alphonse Areola - yes he still contracted to PSG - is likely to join either West Ham or Fulham.  Sergio Rico is closing in on a permanent exit after a loan spell with Mallorca last campaign, and Lazio could be his landing spot.  Rumours that Achraf Hakimi will push for a move away from the dysfunction in the French capital appear to be unfounded, so the Moroccan should continue at right-back with Colin Dagba providing competition.  Kalidou Koulibaly has been linked with PSG but it is difficult to see that one working out. Marquinhos and Presnel Kimpembe should continue to be tasked with holding things down at the back. Thilo Kehrer and Sergio Ramos - provided he can stay fit for more than 30 seconds at a time - will be there too.  Over on the left, Layvin Kurzawa still has two years to run on the contract he penned in 2020 and PSG have also swooped to sign Nuno Mendes permanently following his loan spell.  Juan Bernat is back in the fold too following his injury issues. Abdou Diallo is another option in a stacked left-back contingent that could end up being trimmed.  PSG are equally bloated in midfield, but that is unlikely to stop them searching for reinforcements in the middle of the park this summer.  Transfer rumour mill favourite Sergej Milinkovic-Savic may finally leave Lazio this summer and PSG are one of his suitors. Paul Pogba is available on a free transfer too.  These new arrivals will be joined by Marco Verratti in midfield, with Idrissa Gueye and Danilo Pereira providing steel when required - although one of these enforcers could be moved on. Ander Herrera is another option.  Georginio Wijnaldum endured a nightmare first season in Paris and supposedly wants out, but the logistics of a transfer would be tricky. Rafinha - who spent the second half of the season on loan at Real Sociedad - will surely leave permanently.  Kylian Mbappe rejecting Real Madrid's advances is a huge boost for PSG and he, Neymar and Lionel Messi look set for a second season together. 