Saudi Arabia are seeking to become major players in the world of football and are not afraid of spending money to get there. Cristiano Ronaldo's move from Manchester United to Al Nassr in January already feels like an eternity ago and has set the stage for what could be a lucrative exodus en masse, with Saudi officials keen to lure some of the game's biggest names over to the Middle East. With plenty of targets in mind, here's a list of every player to be linked with a transfer to Saudi Arabia's Pro League this summer. N'Golo Kante (Chelsea) - Kante was at the end of his contract at Stamford Bridge and decided to put pen to paper on a lucrative three-year deal with Saudi champions Al Ittihad. (SIGNED) Ruben Neves (Wolves) - Al Hilal agreed to pay Wolves a record fee for their captain, bringing an end to his six-year stay at Molineux. (SIGNED) Kalidou Koulibaly (Chelsea) - Al Hilal also agreed a contract pretty swiftly with Koulibaly, who endured a difficult year in west London. (SIGNED) Edouard Mendy (Chelsea) - Mendy fell out of favour at Stamford Bridge, so it was no surprise when Al Ahli came calling to sign the Senegal goalkeeper on a three-year contract. (SIGNED) Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) - Modern Reds legend Firmino's exit from Anfield was confirmed well before the 2022/23 season ended. He joined Al Ahli on the expiry of his contract with Liverpool. (SIGNED) Thiago Silva (Chelsea) - The ageing Chelsea centre-back is a target for a number of unnamed Saudi sides and could be sold for the right price. (football.london) Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Chelsea) - Aubameyang is looking for a Chelsea exit and Saudi clubs hope to convince the former Arsenal star to move to the Middle East. Ilkay Gundogan (Manchester City) - Gundogan was snared by Barcelona as his Man City contract expired but a late offer from Saudi Arabia was mooted. (REJECTED) Son Heung-min (Tottenham) - Spurs winger Son has shut down links to the Saudi Pro League, saying he still has "a lot of things to do" in the Premier League. (REJECTED) Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) - Lloris has confirmed his desire to leave Tottenham this summer and has been offered the chance to triple his wages in the Middle East. (Times) Wilfried Zaha (Crystal Palace) - Eagles icon Zaha has offers from Saudi Arabia which he is yet to reject with a decision still to be made on his future. Abdoulaye Doucoure (Everton) - Heading into the last 12 months of his Everton contract, Doucoure is on a list of 'over 50' players wanted in Saudi Arabia. (ESPN) Yerry Mina (Everton) - Mina joins Everton teammate Doucoure on the same list. His contract with the Toffees expired this summer. (ESPN) Adama Traore (Wolves) - Like Mina, Traore will leave his current club this summer and the former Wolves winger is also on the long list. (ESPN) Joao Moutinho (Wolves) - Al Ittihad, led by former Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo, are trying to secure a reunion with Moutinho, who is a free agent. (Fabrizio Romano) Romelu Lukaku (Chelsea) - Lukaku's move to Inter has broken down after months of negotiations. He has offers in Saudi Arabia but is hesitant to listen to such proposals. Kyle Walker (Manchester City) - 33-year-old Walker has just 12 months remaining on his contract and 90min understands an offer could be forthcoming from the Saudi Pro League. Riyad Mahrez (Manchester City) - The Algerian also has 12 months remaining on his deal and is a target for Al Ahli. Thomas Partey (Arsenal) - Arsenal have granted Partey permission to speak with clubs in Saudi Arabia with a view to a summer transfer. Hakim Ziyech (Chelsea) - A three-year deal to join up with Cristiano Ronaldo at Al Nassr was agreed with Ziyech but a contractual issue has seen the move collapse. Bernardo Silva (Manchester City) - Silva has been given the chance to move to Saudi Arabia on an eye-watering contract worth  £80m-a-year. Demarai Gray (Everton) - A delegation from Al Hilal are expected in London for talks over signing the Everton forward. (Sky Sports News) Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) - Khaleej FC have approached Vardy over a move but were swiftly rejected. (Sky Sports News) Callum Hudson-Odoi (Chelsea) - Out of favour forward was approached by two Saudi teams. (Fabrizio Romano) David de Gea (Manchester United) - Goalkeeper De Gea was released at Old Trafford and is said to have been offered "huge money" in Saudi Arabia. (football.insider) Philippe Coutinho (Aston Villa) - Steven Gerrard has taken over at Al Ettifaq and quickly made Coutinho one of his top transfer targets. Jordan Henderson (Liverpool) - The same team have offered England international Henderson a large pay packet which he is considering. Fabinho (Liverpool) - Fabinho's form fell off during 2022/23 and his move to Al Ittihad has accelerated quickly, with the final touches of the deal being finalised. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Fulham) - Two bids from Al Hilal came in for Serbian striker Mitrovic, the second of which reached  £30m, but Fulham aren't interested in selling their talisman. Aymeric Laporte (Manchester City) - Once lauded at the Etihad, Laporte has become a spare part at City and is wanted in the Middle East. Willian (Fulham) - Found his groove again with Fulham and has decided to extend his stay at Craven Cottage for another year. Luis Diaz (Liverpool) - Al Hilal are eyeing up a deal for Colombia international Diaz, though Liverpool have no interest in selling. (Guardian) Alex Telles (Manchester United) - Brazil international Telles wasn't included in Man Utd's pre-season tour squad and is wrapping up a move to Ronaldo's Al Nassr. (Fabrizio Romano) Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) - Benzema walked away from Real Madrid this summer in favour of completing a move to Al Ittihad. (SIGNED) Luka Modric (Real Madrid) - Modric has committed his future to Real Madrid and rejected an offer from Saudi Arabia to sign an extension in Spain. (REJECTED) Sergio Busquets (Barcelona) - Busquets, who is leaving Barcelona this summer, has rejected advances from Saudi Arabia to join Inter Miami. (REJECTED) Eden Hazard (Real Madrid) - Having already confirmed his own departure from Real Madrid, Hazard could move to Al Nassr after being linked with the Saudi side in January. (Mundo Deportivo) Jordi Alba (Barcelona) - Al Hilal approached Alba over a free transfer after his departure from Barcelona. (France Televisions) Robert Lewandowski (Barcelona) - Lewandowski has rejected an 'astronomical' offer from Saudi Arabia in favour of continuing at Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Yassine Bounou (Sevilla) - Sevilla goalkeeper Bono is wanted by Al Ahli, who will rival Inter, Tottenham and Aston Villa for his signature. (Aaron Dominguez) Iago Aspas (Celta Vigo) - A group of Saudi officials have travelled to Spain to try convince Aspas to leave Celta. (Aaron Dominguez) Alvaro Morata (Atletico Madrid) - Al Tawoon are ready to offer Morata    50m per year to make the move, but Al Hilal could lodge a rival bid. (SPORT) Papu Gomez (Sevilla) - Damac Club are in advanced negotiations over the signing of the Argentina international. (Nawaf Al-Tamimi) Saul Niguez (Atletico Madrid) - Al Nassr are trying to land Saul and Atletico would be happy to see a deal done. (AS) Antoine Griezmann (Atletico Madrid) - Officials met with Griezmann's representatives in London to discuss a    25m move to Al Nassr. (Foot Mercato) Raphinha (Barcelona) - Despite interest from Saudi Arabia, Raphinha's priority is to continue at Barcelona. (Mundo Deportivo) Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona) - Umtiti was released by Bar  a after some injury riddled seasons and has attracted interest from the Middle East. (SPORT) Franck Kessie (Barcelona) - Former AC Milan star Kessie is open to leaving Camp Nou as interest from Serie A and the Saudi Pro League grows. Lionel Messi (PSG) - Messi rejected the most lucrative contract in football history from Al Hilal and will head to Inter Miami this summer. (REJECTED) Alexandre Lacazette (Lyon) - Interest has emerged from West Asia in Lacazette, though the Frenchman rebuffed advances in favour of continuing his free-scoring form with Lyon. (RMC Sport) (REJECTED) Neymar (PSG) - 90min understands Neymar is of interest to Saudi officials but would prefer to remain in Europe at this point in his career. Marco Verratti (PSG) - The Italian midfielder has a    60m-a-year offer on the table from Al Hilal if he chooses to leave PSG. (Abdellah Boulma) Sergio Ramos (PSG) - Links between Ramos and Saudi Arabia have grown since his departure from PSG, with Al Ahli keen to land the legendary free agent centre-back. (Mundo Deportivo) Alexis Sanchez (Marseille) - Marseille want to extend Sanchez's contract in France but Saudi officials are looking to lure him away. (L'Equipe) Marcelo Brozovic (Inter) - Croatia international Brozovic had been courted by Barcelona but has signed for Ronaldo's Al Nassr. (SIGNED) Sergej Milinkovic-Savic (Lazio) - Forever linked with a massive move to a European giant, Milinkovic-Savic instead joined Al Hilal for    40m after being offered a hefty contract. (SIGNED) Angel Di Maria (Juventus) - Di Maria had options in both Major League Soccer and Saudi Arabia after leaving Juve but has instead return to Benfica. (REJECTED) Paul Pogba (Juventus) - Pogba is regarded as a potential cornerstone signing by the Public Investment Fund, though the France international is unconvinced by the prospect of a move this summer. Piotr Zielinski (Napoli) - Al Ahli want Poland international Zielinski, who is also courting interest from Lazio as a potential Milinkovic-Savic replacement. (Alfredo Pedulla) Leonardo Spinazzola (Roma) - Euro 2020 hero Spinazzola has been monitored by Al Shadab, with a three-year contract in the works. (Goal) Domenico Berardi (Sassuolo) - Serie A stalwart Berardi is wanted by Al Nassr, who are in the process of dealing with a transfer ban. (Rudy Galetti) Mario Rui (Napoli) - The same team have been linked with Napoli defender Rui, who has played internationally with Ronaldo. (SportItalia) Ciro Immobile (Lazio) - Italy striker Immobile has rejected an offer worth    15m a season in favour of finishing off his career with Lazio. (Il Messaggero) Sofyan Amrabat (Fiorentina) - World Cup star Amrabat has received vague Saudi interest but has also been offered to Manchester United. Sadio Mane (Bayern Munich) - Mane's representatives were contacted by Saudi officials but the former Liverpool man has made it clear he wants to stay in Munich. (REJECTED) Moussa Diaby (Bayer Leverkusen) - Diaby is the subject of strong interest from Aston Villa but Al Nassr have made their interest known. Jota (Celtic) - Jota has signed for Al Ittihad after winning two Scottish Premiership titles in two seasons for Celtic. (SIGNED) James Tavernier (Rangers) - Rangers right-back Tavernier could be offered a lucrative move to Saudi Arabia this summer. (Dean Jones)