Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish has admitted star forward Wilfried Zaha could finally get his wish and be sold this summer if an acceptable offer comes in that is    right    for the club. Zaha has been heavily linked with a Palace exit for several summers in a row and has been targeted by Arsenal, Everton, Tottenham and Chelsea at one time or another, with a desire to test himself at a higher level than the Eagles have been able to offer him. Palace were holding for at least  £80m in the summer of 2019 when Arsenal were only prepared to offer  £40m. The Gunners eventually landed Nicolas Pepe from Lille for  £72m instead. Everton were initially prepared to go to  £52m that same summer and Zaha himself was even thought to have submitted a transfer request to try and push through a deal. Everton   s last ditch bid of  £70m plus players was also rejected with only a day the 2019 summer transfer window left. But in what could be a summer of major changes at Palace as they look to revamp the squad following the departure of Roy Hodgson and the arrival of a new manager, chairman Parish has admitted that offers for Zaha will be considered and he could be sold.    We understand his position. It's no secret that he would like to challenge himself. But it has to be right for the football club. He understands that as well,    Parish told BBC Sport.    If those two things collide then we will have to look at it. But right now, we are two days into the transfer window so it's a bit early to talk about it.    90min revealed back in April that Palace are finally prepared to cash in and let Zaha go this summer, with Arsenal also resurrecting their interest in the 28-year-old. Zaha reached double figures in front of goal in the Premier League in 2020/21 for only the second time in his career, although interest is generally limited beyond Arsenal as there is no indication that either Tottenham or Chelsea will rekindle their own prior interest in him. Zaha   s preference would be to stay in London, which could make Arsenal an attractive option for him, despite a lack of European football for at least one season. However, the Gunners    financial position means that player sales are necessary before they can dip into the market.