Erik ten Hag has communicated to Harry Maguire that it would be better for all involved if he were to complete a transfer away from Manchester United this summer, 90min understands. Maguire, the now former United captain, confirmed on Sunday in a social media post that he had been stripped of the armband in a conversation with the manager, who outlined his reasons why in a meeting between the two. But it has been learned that there was more to the meeting than Maguire had publicly let on - with his departure not only green-lit, but encouraged. Bruno Fernandes is expected to succeed Maguire as captain but there has been no official confirmation as yet. Ten Hag transitioned Maguire out of his first choice United eleven over the course of last season and Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Victor Lindelof and even Luke Shaw have been established higher up in the pecking order of United centre backs in recent months. Maguire retained the armband when on the pitch throughout last season though saw minutes hard to come by. United have put Maguire up for sale for the right price throughout the summer, but Maguire has been keen to stay and fight for his place in the squad. The latest conversation between Maguire and Ten Hag, it has been learned, is a move from the club to guide the 30-year-old through the exit door - in hope it will change Maguire's stance of wanting to stay. The England international has interest from a number of clubs in Italy, as well as West Ham and Newcastle United, though his world record transfer fee for a defender and large earnings make the player difficult to offload.  United are aware that a loan deal is more likely because of the wage packet and any transfer away is likely to mean United will need to subsidise a part of the figure until the end of his contract in 2025. feed 90min revealed in April that Maguire's camp were working on exit routes from Old Trafford for the player and that remains the case, though Premier League rivals are pushing for good value deals as it stands - safe in the knowledge that United are looking to offload. Ten Hag is set to feature Maguire in match day squads and offer a rotational role if United can't offload the player and he is to stay, but United are looking to raise funds in order to reinvest and see Maguire as a primary candidate to leave due to his diminished status. Maguire's unwillingness to depart has already impacted United's pursuit of Kim Min-jae, the Napoli centre back who is set to join German champions Bayern Munich instead, but United are keen to press on with as much of their proposed squad overhaul as they can manage throughout this window. Ten Hag used last season to learn the players he wants to take forward with him and Maguire is one of several first team squad players who is up for sale. If they do manage to successfully offload Maguire, United may enter the market for a new centre back, but as it stands and with Maguire present, they have enough cover in the position. Next on the agenda is a new striker and defensive-minded midfielder. The club have already signed Mason Mount and Inter's Andre Onana is set to complete his United move before they fly to the United States this week.