Sergio Romero is searching for a move away from Manchester United after falling down the pecking order and being left out of the Europa League final. Romero has been relegated to United's third-choice goalkeeper - seemingly by default - following the return of Dean Henderson, who impressed enough on loan at Sheffield United to earn a new contract and the chance to battle it out with David de Gea this season. Romero has always provided competition for De Gea, but mostly played the role of experienced backup rather than posing a genuine threat to the Spaniard's playing time. With Henderson now the new second choice, the Argentine now sees his future away from Old Trafford, according to the Sun. That means that United have to press the pause button on any potential loan switch for Henderson this summer if De Gea nails down his place in the coming weeks, but does leave the club with some handy depth for European and cup competitions.  While the Sun are hardly held in a high regard for their ultra reliable transfer scoops, this one doesn't seem all that unlikely given Romero's situation, and follows on from a string of similar reports all summer. The report states that the 33-year-old was left disgruntled after being dropped for United's Europa League final defeat to Sevilla, despite playing the rest of the competition. The Red Devils are aligned with Romero on the matter and are searching for somewhere for him to play his football. A deal could be completed before the 5th October deadline, whether that be a permanent or even a temporary loan switch, whereby United would cover his  £70,000-per-week wages. Romero has been linked with a move away from United virtually ever since Henderson returned to the club, with a number of destinations suggested for him. Everton have been continually linked with his services in a bid to provide genuine competition to Jordan Pickford. Aston Villa were also linked, but their recent signing of former Arsenal backup Emi Martinez likely rules them out of the running.