Kylian Mbappe has insisted he has never discussed the idea of remaining with Paris Saint-Germain beyond 2024. Mbappe inked a lucrative contract with PSG in the summer of 2022 which includes two guaranteed years and the option for a third - a clause which the French forward does not intend to trigger after revealing on Monday that he intends to end his spell with the club in 2024. Now, in a statement to AFP, Mbappe has insisted that has always been the case and PSG were aware of his intention to depart in 2024. "The management of the club in charge of the extension [was informed] as of July 15, 2022, of the decision [not to continue beyond 2024]," Mbappe's statement read. "The letter was only to confirm what had already been clarified orally beforehand. "Kylian Mbappe and his entourage confirm that this matter has not been discussed since over the course of the year, except a fortnight ago to announce the sending of the letter. No potential contract extension has been mentioned manual "After maintaining publicly in recent weeks that he would be a PSG player next season, Kylian Mbappe has not asked to leave this summer and has just confirmed to the club that he would not be activating the extra year. "[Mbappe regrets] that the letter was circulated in the media and that these exchanges were made public with the sole aim of damaging their image and the discussions with the club." Mbappe had until July to confirm whether he planned to opt out of the final year of the contract - both club and player had to agree to trigger the option for it to be valid - but has sent shockwaves around Europe with his letter. PSG face the prospect of being forced to sell Mbappe this summer before he can walk away for free in 12 months, with long-time admirers Real Madrid keen on a deal after losing Karim Benzema this summer. 90min understands, however, Los Blancos are reluctant to pay over the odds for the 24-year-old, who was being lined up for a free transfer to the Santiago Bernabeu in 12 months anyway. Club president Florentino Perez was even recently filmed insisting he would sign Mbappe in the future, but that was before the France forward's letter pushed him closer to the exit at Parc des Princes.