Exclusive - West Ham have told top earners Manuel Lanzini, Felipe Anderson and Sebastien Haller  that they are free to leave the club this summer as concerns grow over the financial impact of the coronavirus.  The Hammers only just escaped relegation from the Premier League in 2019/20, finishing the season in 16th place. David Moyes' men did finish the campaign strongly, however, losing just once in their final seven league games.  ? @_DeclanRiceOur Hammer of the Year     pic.twitter.com/ZfwWYM8jKa West Ham were expected to back Moyes - who took over back in December - in the transfer market this summer as he looks to strengthen his squad, and a source has told 90min that this remains the case. However, in order for this to happen, departures are required.  The club's hierarchy remain fearful about the financial impact of the pandemic. As a club that benefits a great deal from matchday income, the Hammers have been badly impacted. 90min has learned that West Ham plan on easing financial concerns by offloading some of the top earners and while it isn't ideal for Moyes, he has given his approval. Lanzini, Anderson and Haller have all been told they are free to move on this summer. Declan Rice and Issa Diop - both of whom have been linked with moves away - could also be on their way out. However, they aren't among the squad's top earners. Starting with Anderson, the Brazilian made a bright start to life in the Premier League when he joined West Ham for a then club-record  £36m in the summer of 2018. He impressed early on, but his form has since dipped. In fact, Anderson - who is believed to be earning around  £80,000 a week - started just one of his side's nine league games following the resumption of play, and failed to even make the bench on three occasions.  The 27-year-old is not part of Moyes' plans anymore, and therefore, his representatives have begun looking for options. It is 90min's understanding that the Hammers have made him available on loan and there is plenty of interest in him. Indeed, top flight clubs from Italy, Spain, Germany and France are all keeping an eye on his situation.   The Daily Star recently reported that former club Lazio are considering a move for the winger after being rejected by David Silva.  As for Haller, he has struggled to deliver during his first season in London. The striker joined for a club-record  £45m, but he managed just the seven league goals in 2019/20. Like Anderson, Haller also found himself starting on the bench for the final games of the season, with his last five appearances all coming as a substitute.  West Ham have considered signing Luka Jovic from Real Madrid to reunite him with Haller to help the Frenchman rediscover his best form, but Moyes isn't completely convinced. Instead, the manager is open to allowing Haller to leave. The problem, however, is there are few clubs interested at this moment in time and a loan move would be the most likely option.  Lanzini, meanwhile, became one of the club's top earners when he penned a new four-year contract last summer. But despite the injury-ravaged Argentine being a fan favourite, the board are willing to allow him to leave so that Pablo Fornals is given a greater chance to shine. 