With the 2022 MLS season quickly approaching, teams are making final adjustments to their rosters.  Inter Miami added another attacking option after the season-long departure of Rodolfo Pizarro, while LAFC and FC Dallas swapped defenders to strengthen their backlines. Here is the latest on MLS transfers... Inter Miami signed Finland international attacker Robert Taylor from Norwegian side Brann to a contract through the 2023 Major League Soccer with a club option for 2024.  The player will occupy an international slot on the roster, and is set to join the club pending   receipt of his International Transfer Certificate (ITC) and P-1 Visa.   Robert is a skilful, exciting, chance creator that gives us options in attack as he can excel in different roles as a winger and as a central midfielder. He also adds valuable international experience to the squad as he has featured regularly for the Finnish national team. We are confident his addition will add to our attack and help us succeed,    said Inter Miami Chief Soccer Officer and Sporting Director Chris Henderson.Taylor has spent his entire career in Europe, featuring for JJK Jyv  skyl  , Rovaniemen Palloseura, and English clubs Lincoln City and Boston Town. He most recently appeared for Troms   Idrettslag and Sportsklubben Brann (2020-2021) in the Norwegian first division. Los Angeles FC completed a trade with FC Dallas, swapping defender Ryan Hollingshead for Marco Farfan.Hollingshead, who has spent the last eight seasons with FC Dallas and recorded 18 goals and 15 assists across 193 appearances, will make his way out west to feature for LAFC.   Ryan is not only known as one of the most versatile and valuable players in MLS but also as a great person and leader,    LAFC co-president & general manager John Thorrington said.   For these reasons, we are incredibly excited to welcome Ryan, his wife Taylor, and their family to LAFC. We also appreciate what Marco has meant to the club during his time here, which makes the moment bittersweet for us. He is a class act both on and off the field and we wish him all the best in Dallas.   On the other end, Farfan will head to FC Dallas after one season with the Los Angeles team. The young defender started out as a Portland Timbers homegrown player in 2016 and featured for them in 63 regular-season games before joining LAFC.