Erik ten Hag has seemingly confirmed he asked Manchester United to pursue a deadline day deal for Marcel Sabitzer in order to help solve their worsening injury crisis. The Red Devils confirmed on Tuesday - hours before the January transfer deadline - that Christian Eriksen will be out for nearly three months. Donny van de Beek will miss the rest of this season, while Scott McTominay is a few weeks away from returning, leaving United short of midfield options. United reacted swiftly in the final hours of the window to recruit Bayern Munich midfielder Sabitzer on loan until the end of the season. Speaking in a press conference earlier on Tuesday, Ten Hag suggested he asked the board to bring in midfield reinforcements before the deadline. "[The midfield situation] is, of course, a concern and there are things you have to deal with and you can   t do nothing for it," Ten Hag said. "You can set the squad but in January is dropping out Donny for the rest of the season and Christian Eriksen for part of the season and also Scott McTominay is not available for the coming week, two weeks, maybe even longer. "So we have a challenge there, the squad has a challenge. We have quality players there, that is obvious, but the depth is not that good anymore. But we as a team have to deal with that. "I said from day one, when there are opportunities we will look and that is also for every hour we have still, if there are opportunities we have to act but it is so difficult. "We all know the last day is not that likely to bring the right player in. You can probably have a player but it must be a player that can have an impact, otherwise it is better to leave it. "As a manager, I think you always try to find to make your team better. I wouldn   t be a good manager if I didn   t make the request. "If there are opportunities, it is my job to tell the club there are opportunities to strengthen the squad and our team. And it is about them and about financial frameworks and what is acceptable and what is reasonable.