A number of Serie A clubs are interested in signing talented Leeds United and Italy forward Wilfried Gnonto this summer, 90min understands. The 19-year-old joined Leeds during the 2022 summer transfer window and has impressed of late, becoming a key player under new manager Javi Gracia. Gnonto's highlight in English football to date was undoubtedly his goal at Old Trafford in the Whites' 2-2 draw with arch rivals Man Utd - one of his nine goal contributions for the club this season. Despite signing a five-year deal at Elland Road, Gnonto could be set to leave the club after just one season as 90min understands the forward is attracting interest from a number of Italian clubs.  Juventus, AS Roma, AC Milan, Napoli and Atalanta have all kept a close eye on the Italy international's progress in recent weeks - weeks in which Gnonto has provided two assists in two positive results for Leeds. Sources have told 90min that Gnonto is open to the idea of moving to a Serie A club, having never actually played a senior game on the peninsula. The forward came through the Inter youth academy - having signed for the club when he was nine years old - but moved to FC Zurich in 2020, where he made his senior football debut in an October win over FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League.  Juve's interest has led to speculation over a potential swap deal involving Weston McKennie, who is currently on loan at Leeds United until the end of the 2022/23 season. 90min understands that, as things stand, however, Leeds are not looking to keep hold of the USMNT midfielder beyond current campaign - despite having a    33m option to buy the player.  READ NEXT manual Two of Juve's best performing players this season are veteran wide players Filip Kostic and Angel Di Maria, however with both being on the wrong side of 30, there is a need to add some young blood into the attacking unit.  Di Maria's future beyond the current season is also up in the air as La Vecchia Signora have reportedly delayed making a decision on whether to offer the Argentina World Cup winner a new deal.  Gnonto could be a perfect long-term replacement for Di Maria as, like Di Maria, Gnonto can play either on the flank or in a supporting role to compliment Dusan Vlahovic in Max Allegri's favoured 3-5-2 formation.  LISTEN NOW