Manchester United have confirmed they have reached an agreement with Borussia Dortmund over the transfer of England forward Jadon Sancho. Unofficial news broke over the agreement being reached on Wednesday night - the move was over two years in the making, with 90min first reporting United's intentions to sign the player in September 2019 - and Dortmund confirmed they had agreed to sell Sancho for    85m on Thursday morning. In a press conference, Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke said: "We reached a general agreement with Manchester United on the transfer of Jadon Sancho, pending full completion, as there are still some formalities to agree on and the medical check to be completed. "It was Jadon's express wish to change, we would have liked to keep him. We are not happy about the money but sad that he   s leaving.    United themselves confirmed the news in an official website statement on Thursday afternoon.  ????? ??.We have agreed a deal in principle for the transfer of Jadon Sancho to United! ?      #MUFC The statement read: "Manchester United is delighted to announce it has reached agreement in principle with Borussia Dortmund for the transfer of Jadon Sancho. "The signing is subject to contractual terms and a medical, which will be completed after Jadon   s involvement in the UEFA European Championship." United had initially drawn up plans in as early as 2019 to sign Sancho last summer, though the global pandemic and some shoddy negotiating put paid to their plans of his arrival in 2020. Been on this one since September 2019.Took a little longer than usual, but finally, it's happening. https://t.co/WGKAF19JQj United always retained their interest in the player though, and Sancho had for some time made clear it was a move he was open to making. Other clubs were in the picture on occasions but United and Sancho's commitment to one another did not wane. It's expected that Sancho will be handed the number 7 shirt, which is currently held by Edinson Cavani, though that has yet to be confirmed. Sancho will complete a medical and join United officially after England's involvement in the European Championship, with international and soon-to-be club teammate Marcus Rashford excited that the news is finally out.