Manchester United have held talks with Atalanta over a potential loan deal for Mason Greenwood, 90min understands. Greenwood has been suspended by United since January 30, 2022, after being charged with attempted rape, engaging in controlling and coercive behaviour and assault.  Charges against Greenwood were dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service in February but the player remained suspended by United for the remainder of last season, as the club conducted an internal investigation. The 22-year-old is contracted to United until June 2025 with the club holding an option to extend that contract by a further year. United have been considering how to proceed with the 21-year-old and 90min has learned United have held discussions with Atalanta over potentially sending the player on loan to Serie A, those discussions coming during talks between the two clubs over the potential transfer of primary United striking target Rasmus Hojlund. feed Talks have been held about United's potential purchase of Hojlund with Greenwood sent on loan to Bergamo in part exchange, though it's understood that Atletico Madrid have enquired about Greenwood and Borussia Dortmund have held interest. Greenwood has been pictured training on his own in recent weeks and has not returned to United for the commencement of their pre-season. United have pursued a deal for Hojlund in recent weeks after being deterred in their pursuit of England captain Harry Kane by Tottenham's refusal to sell. 90min reported in recent days that talks were ongoing with Atalanta over the Danish striker, though their asking price of    75m-   80m was proving prohibitive - with United looking at a deal in the region of a maximum    60m. Talks are ongoing and United are optimistic they are able to strike a deal for Hojlund that suits them before the new season begins. Erik ten Hag and United are also closing in on a deal for Inter goalkeeper Andre Onana, after seeing two bids rejected for the player this week. United have already confirmed the signing of Mason Mount from Chelsea.