Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has admitted that four new signings is    not enough    ahead of next season, insisting that all outfield areas of the squad need improving. Rangnick will lead the team until the end of the season, at which point he will step aside for a new permanent manager     set to be current Ajax boss Erik ten Hag     and move into a previously agreed consultancy role for the next two years. Despite a change in manager following the dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, United have continued to struggle     the team has failed to win eight of 14 Premier League games this calendar year and exited the FA Cup and Champions League in disappointing circumstances. The summer transfer window is crying out for another rebuild, regardless of whether the current squad is successful in limping over the line in the top four race or not.    I think apart from the goalkeeping, we need to make sure that we improve the squad in all areas. To bring in players who really help the team to get better,    Rangnick told Sky Sports.    It's about the profile. What kind of players do we need in order to play whichever kind of football we want to play?" The German coach, who has overseen the building process at Hoffenheim, RB Leipzig and Red Bull Salzburg in the last 15 years, has revealed he has already recommended some players to the club   s recruitment department independent of his successor.    There might be a couple of players - and I have already named those players to the board - that independent from formation, from style of football, and independent from a new manager, that could be of interest for a club like United,    Rangnick continued.    But in general, if you look at the size of the way the team needs to be rebuilt, I mean, it's not enough to bring in three or four new players. It will be more, bearing in mind how many players will no longer be here with the contracts running out.    Nemanja Matic has already confirmed he will be leaving United at the end of the season, while Edinson Cavani is also set to go and Paul Pogba is increasingly likely to be released as a free agent     he is aware of the contract on offer from the club but is yet to make a decision on his future.