Real Madrid are prepared to subsidise Welsh winger Gareth Bale's wages by 50% in order to encourage loan bids from across Europe. Los Blancos were made to rue refusing to let Bale leave for free last summer and were consequently stuck with his  £600,000-a-week wages on the books, but they are determined to ensure they won't have to pay that this season. Finding a permanent buyer will be next to impossible, while even finding someone to take Bale on loan has proven difficult as a result of his high wages. According to The Telegraph, Real are well aware of this and have decided to swallow half of his wages to try and encourage offers. Premier League clubs have spoken with Real about deals for a number of Zinedine Zidane's unwanted players, and at these meetings, the Spanish side made it clear that Bale would be available on a discount if wanted. The official line from Bale's camp has always been that a loan exit is not an option, but after the Welshman publicly admitted to Sky Sports News that he would consider a return to England if such an offer arrived, the door seems to be open. As of yet, there is not thought to have been any concrete interest in Bale. That's backed up by Mundo Deportivo, but the Spanish report adds that Real hope to encourage the likes of Manchester United and Tottenham to make bids. ? Possible Premier League return ?? Real Madrid 'in control' of future    Failed move last summer Gareth Bale speaks exclusively to Sky Sports News about his future at Real Madrid - watch more on the Transfer Show now on Sky Sports News ? pic.twitter.com/YP4y2s08bq In fact, Real 'expect' United and Spurs to involve themselves in discussions at that price, although whether they actually will is a different matter. United's focus remains on Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho, and 90min understands they remain confident that a deal will eventually be struck, while Spurs would likely hesitate at the idea of spending  £300,000-a-week to bring Bale back. Real's hope is that Bale heads out on loan and plays a full season, in which he proves his obvious ability and attracts even more interest, which may finally lead to a permanent move away from the Santiago Bernab  u.