Manchester City Women have announced the signing of emerging England talent Chloe Kelly on a two-year contract to 2022 following her departure from Everton. Part of a resurgent Toffees side that finished sixth in the final points per game table, Kelly emerged as a breakout star of the 2019/20 Women   s Super League campaign by netting nine times. Only Vivianne Miedema, Bethany England and ex-City striker Pauline Bremer got more. Target acquired ?Welcome to City, @Chloe_Kelly98 ?#WelcomeChloe? #ManCity pic.twitter.com/LzzHOQXOMt 22-year-old Kelly was also part of England   s squad at the 2020 SheBelieves Cup in March, having initially made her senior Lionesses debut in 2018.    I   m unbelievably excited. I   m just so happy to have the deal sorted and I can   t wait to get going - I   m honoured to be a City player,    a delighted Kelly told her new club   s official website.    Manchester City are a hugely ambitious club whose aspirations match my own and as soon as I had my initial discussions with the staff, I knew there and then that it was the place I wanted to be. Having spoken to Gareth [Taylor] too after he joined the team, I could sense immediately what a great manager he is and I was excited by the idea of working with him. Delighted to be a @ManCity Player ??  I cant wait to get going & help drive our clubs ambitions forward ? Thank you to my Family & my team at @pantherasports for giving me the support over the years to help make this dream move possible ? ? FORWARDS ?? pic.twitter.com/QWg0dBc742    The development made by a number of young players at the club was massive for me, and the opportunity to play Champions League football was a real draw too. Now it   s all sorted, I   m genuinely so excited for what is to come in the blue shirt.    Despite being top of the table when the season was abandoned amid the coronavirus crisis, City missed out on the 2019/20 WSL title when it was handed to Chelsea on points per game. The response in Manchester has been to strengthen ahead of what is shaping up to be an intense title battle again in 2020/21. Aside from the confirmed arrival of Kelly from Everton, City are also expected to complete deals for England full-backs Lucy Bronze and Alex Greenwood.