Alexis Mac Allister's father has confirmed that he is working on finding the 'best project' amid interest in the Brighton playmaker from a number of Premier League clubs. 90min revealed earlier this month that the 24-year-old is ready to leave the Amex Stadium despite signing a new long-term contract before the World Cup finals. Manchester City, Liverpool, Newcastle, Tottenham and Chelsea are among the clubs who have a genuine interest in Mac Allister, although 90min understands that Brighton are ready to hold firm in their desire to keep him - similar to their stance in January over teammate Moises Caicedo. Marc Cucurella, Ben White, Leandro Trossard and Yves Bissouma headline the players Brighton have made huge profits on over the last couple of years, and words from Mac Allister's father, Carlos, suggest it may not be too long before Alexis also moves on to pastures new. Speaking to TYCSports in February, he said: "It seems to me a very good thing that he has returned from the World Cup and has not despaired about leaving, enjoying success calmly and in peace, in a team that loves him very much. The reception he received has been the best. He is very well in the club. "We all know that in July there will be possibilities to be able to leave. But prior to the World Cup, Alexis renewed his contract so that the club also has the opportunity of an important transfer, so that a lot can reach Brighton. It   s the idea" READ NEXT manual Carlos has now expanded on those comments to ESPN Argentina, and admitted that contact has been made from clubs interested in agreeing a deal.    Clubs are starting to call us for Alexis but there are no concrete talks now. We   ll decide together with Brighton, they deserve respect. We will pick the best project, based on the coach too     it   s not about money." Brighton head coach Roberto De Zerbi, meanwhile, has made his stance on potentially losing Mac Allister known, saying:    We are happy with him and for us he is a very important player. It   s better to play with Alexis than without him.    For him, Brighton is his home and to play another six months at home is very important for him in this moment."