Exclusive - Borussia Dortmund, Bayern Munich and Juventus are among the clubs interested in Angel Gomes, who is out of contract at Manchester United.  Gomes rejected a contract worth  £25,000-a-week at Old Trafford after growing frustrated at not being given first team opportunities by manager Ole Gunner Solskjaer, and is set to leave the club. Solskjaer bluntly revealed on Monday that Gomes was likely to walk away from Old Trafford when his contract expires on 30 June, despite initially harbouring hope that United could reach a deal with their youngest-ever Premier League player. Since breaking that record during his top-flight debut in May 2017, Gomes has been restricted to just nine more appearances for the first team. He has managed just 291 minutes of action across six games this year, and a source has confirmed to 90min that the youngster sees a move away from Old Trafford as the best way to reignite his career. He is expected to walk away once his contract expires on 30 June, and Gomes will likely have no shortage of offers. Remaining in England is a possibility, with Chelsea touted as potential suitors, but there is also plenty of interest from overseas. Foreign sides would not have to pay a substantial development fee to land Gomes, and 90min has learned that has piqued the interest of German giants Dortmund and Bayern. Juventus and Ligue 1 outfit Monaco are also keen.  The Independent also lists Hamburg, Valencia and Benfica as interested parties. According to The Athletic, Gomes' decision to leave stems from his lack of opportunities and his concerns about the club's faith in him. Last season's Champions League last-16 second leg against Paris Saint-Germain is suggested as a breaking point for Gomes. United needed to find a late goal and were looking to replace No. 10 Andreas Pereira, but Solskjaer opted for winger Tahith Chong over Gomes. There was a stage where Gomes was close to re-signing, but his failure to even make a matchday squad since football's return has made up the teenager's mind that his future lies away from Old Trafford. The question of why Solskjaer has lacked faith in Gomes has been doing the rounds on social media. As per this report, the boss believes Gomes did not do enough during his appearances to warrant more, failing to assert himself in the games, whereas youngsters like Mason Greenwood and Brandon Williams have done so. His contract situation also played a part, with Solskjaer preferring to play players who have already proven their commitment to the club, as mentioned.