Paulo Dybala has revealed his admiration for Barcelona, teasing interest in a possible move as talks over a new contract at Juventus rumble on. The Argentina international is currently contracted to the Turin giants until 2022, yet faced an uncertain future last summer after continued links with both Manchester United and Tottenham. However, the 26-year-old has revived his career in Italy, scoring seven times and generally impressing as the Old Lady seek a ninth successive Scudetto.  Almost there ?? A post shared by  Paulo Dybala (@paulodybala) on Jun 8, 2020 at 12:20pm PDT Juve are keen to tie him down to an extended contract, as you'd expect, and although Dybala does want to sign fresh terms, he has revealed in an interview (via CNN) his admiration for Catalan giants Barcelona - suggesting he'd be interested in joining some time in the future. "The truth is that Barcelona is huge team worldwide and with Messi there even bigger," Dybala said. "It would be very nice, but Juventus is also an incredible club, very big, full of history, where there are currently great players. "There's enough quality here to make two teams and the chance to play with [Gianluigi] Buffon and Cristiano Ronaldo, who make the club even bigger, he added. Dybala has been one of many players linked to Barcelona in the past as a possible replacement for the ageing Luis Suarez, although it appears that his international colleague Lautaro Martinez is the most likely candidate to replace the Uruguayan. As for his contract situation, Dybala revealed that talks are still ongoing, explaining: "For now there is nothing, really. I have a year and a half left on my contract, which is not much, and I understand that with all this that has happened [coronavirus] it isn't easy for the club, but other players have also renewed, so we are here waiting. "Obviously I am a player of this club and I am happy to be here. People love me very much and I love the people very much.  "I have great appreciation for the club and the people who are here, I have a good relationship with my president and surely at some point they will come to chat     or maybe not, I don't know. At some point maybe there may be some possible renewal, but it depends on Juventus."  Loading   ? #FinoAllaFine ForzaJuve