Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski has confessed he is keeping an open mind about his future at the club, amid reports he could pursue a new challenge elsewhere. The Pole, who was spent 11 years in Germany and won seven straight Bundesliga titles, has recently been linked with a move away from the Allianz Arena, with Chelsea, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain all touted as potential suitors. The rumours were quickly brushed off by Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, but Lewandowski himself does not appear to be as certain as he confessed to Canal+ that he hasn't decided either way yet. "I remain open-minded," he said. "I feel very good at Bayern, the city is superb, it's a great club. "I am always curious to learn a new language, a new culture. But whether it will be in football or after my career, even I don't know." Bayern are obviously eager to avoid selling Lewandowski, who just broke Gerd Muller's single-season scoring record by firing home 41 goals in a Bundesliga campaign (in 29 games, no less), but they will still be sweating over his future until he makes his mind up. There will be no shortage of suitors if Lewandowski does decide to leave. He may be approaching 33 years old but he is widely accepted to be the best striker on the face of the planet these days and could easily offer a few years of elite goalscoring at any top side. His age, coupled with the fact he has two years left to run on his contract, may make Lewandowski relatively cheap in comparison to some of the other big names on the market. With Inter's Romelu Lukaku valued at around  £100m and both Tottenham's Harry Kane and Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland sat at closer to the  £150m, snagging a discounted Lewandowski may well be a genius move. The #Bundesliga's top scorers with the most goals in a single season!     @lewy_official ? Gerd #M  ller for #FCBayern ?#MiaSanMia #LewanGO41ski #4EverGerd pic.twitter.com/AAVKIX3HlW Now that he has broken Muller's record, Lewandowski could look to make history in a new division, although he confessed that he does not let records take over his life.