Here we are. It's time for the annual 'Tottenham are confident they can keep Harry Kane at the club this summer' report. The England striker has been linked with a blockbuster move away from Spurs every summer for the last few years, but the speculation feels a little stronger this time around. It was recently revealed that Kane wants to leave the club but will never hand in a transfer request out of loyalty. With the 27-year-old seemingly at a crossroads, Kane has attracted significant interest from the likes of Manchester United, Manchester City and Real Madrid, all of whom are thought to see a window of opportunity to sign one of the world's premier talents. Well, according to the Manchester Evening News, Spurs chiefs believe there is 'no chance' Kane will be moving to another English side this summer, and the chances of him going anywhere this summer are slim to none. Chairman Daniel Levy is adamant he will not bolster a direct rival by selling Kane, and he is expected to price any other suitors out of a move for the England captain, who still has three years remaining on his contract. It was reported in February that any team would have to come up with a fee of around  £150m just to encourage Levy to even entertain selling Kane, and the chairman is unconvinced that anyone would pay that figure in a world which is still reeling from the COVID-19 outbreak. Spurs are confident that they do not have anything to worry about with Kane, although they do have one eye on Mauricio Pochettino's Paris Saint-Germain. The French side aren't expected to move for Kane as it is, but if they do end up selling Kylian Mbappe this summer, they would find themselves with the kind of war chest needed to make a move for Kane. As for United and City, it is understood that both sides remain focused on signing Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland, who could cost in excess of the  £150m price tag which has been slapped on Kane's head. City were recently tipped to move for Kane if they miss out on the Norway international, but  £150m is a lot of money to pay for a player who isn't even your first-choice target.